MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 18 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 34 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 35 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 83 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 83 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 83 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 83 PART III 84 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 84 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 84 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 85 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 85 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 85 PART IV 86 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 86 SIGNATURES 89 2 PART I ITEM 1. B USINESS. PACCAR Inc (the Company or PACCAR), incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1971, is the successor to Pacific Car and Foundry Company which was incorporated in Washington in 1924. The Company traces its predecessors to Seattle Car Manufacturing Company formed in 1905. Description of Business PACCAR is a multinational company operating in three principal industry segments: (1) The Truck segment includes the design, manufacture and distribution of , light-, medium- and commercial trucks. trucks have a gross vehicle weight (GVW) of over 33,000 lbs (Class 8) in North America and over 16 metric tonnes in Europe and South America. trucks have a GVW ranging from 19,500 to 33,000 lbs (Class 6 to 7) in North America, and in Europe, light- and trucks range between 6 and 16 metric tonnes. Trucks are configured with the engine in front of cab (conventional) or (COE). (2) The Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles. (3) The Financial Services segment includes finance and leasing products and services provided to customers and dealers. PACCAR’s finance and leasing activities are principally related to PACCAR products and associated equipment. PACCAR's Other business included the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches through October 31, 2024, when PACCAR sold 100% of the capital stock of PACCAR Winch Inc. TRUCKS PACCAR’s trucks are marketed under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. These trucks, which are built in three plants in the United States, three in Europe and one each in Australia, Brasil, Canada and Mexico, are used worldwide for and hauling of commercial and consumer goods. The Company also designs and manufactures diesel engines, primarily for use in the Company’s trucks, at its facilities in Columbus, Mississippi; Eindhoven, the Netherlands; and Ponta Grossa, Brasil. PACCAR competes in the North American Class 8 market, primarily with Kenworth and Peterbilt conventional models. These trucks are assembled at facilities in Chillicothe, Ohio; Denton, Texas; Renton, Washington and Mexicali, Mexico. PACCAR also competes in the North American Class 6 to 7 markets primarily with Kenworth and Peterbilt conventional models. These trucks are assembled at facilities in Ste. Therese, Canada; Denton, Texas, and Mexicali, Mexico. PACCAR competes in the European light/medium market with DAF COE trucks assembled in the United Kingdom (U.K.) by Leyland, one of PACCAR’s wholly owned subsidiaries, and participates in the European heavy market with DAF COE trucks assembled in the Netherlands and the U.K. PACCAR competes in the Brazilian heavy truck market with DAF COE models assembled in Ponta Grossa in the state of Paraná, Brasil. PACCAR competes in the Australian medium and heavy truck markets with Kenworth conventional and COE models and certain DAF COE models assembled at its facility at Bayswater in the state of Victoria, Australia, and DAF COE models primarily assembled in the U.K. Commercial truck manufacturing comprises the largest segment of PACCAR’s business and accounted for 74% of total 2024 net sales and revenues. Substantially all trucks are sold to independent dealers. The Kenworth and Peterbilt nameplates are marketed and distributed by separate divisions in the U.S. and a foreign subsidiary in Canada. The Kenworth nameplate is also marketed and distributed by foreign subsidiaries in Mexico and Australia. The DAF nameplate is marketed and distributed worldwide by a foreign subsidiary headquartered in the Netherlands and is also marketed and distributed by foreign subsidiaries in Brasil, Australia and Mexico. The decision to operate as a subsidiary or as a division is incidental to PACCAR’s Truck segment operations and reflects legal, tax and regulatory requirements in the various countries where PACCAR operates. The Truck segment utilizes centrally managed purchasing, information technology, technical research and testing, treasury and finance functions. Some manufacturing plants in North America produce trucks for more than one nameplate, while other plants produce trucks for only one nameplate, depending on various factors. Best manufacturing practices within the Company are shared on a routine basis reflecting the similarity of the business models employed by each nameplate. 3 The Company’s trucks have a reputation for high quality products, most of which are ordered by dealers according to customer specifications. Some units are ordered by dealers for stocking to meet the needs of certain customers who require immediate delivery or for customers that require the chassis to be fitted with specialized bodies. For a significant portion of the Company’s truck operations, major components, such as engines, transmissions and axles, as well as a substantial percentage of other components, are purchased from component manufacturers pursuant to PACCAR and customer specifications. DAF, which is more vertically integrated, manufactures PACCAR engines and axles and a higher percentage of other components for its heavy truck models. The Company also manufactures engines at its Columbus, Mississippi facility. In 2024, the Company installed PACCAR engines in approximately 33% of the Company’s Kenworth and Peterbilt heavy‑duty trucks in the U.S. and Canada and substantially all of the DAF trucks sold throughout the world. Engines not manufactured by the Company are purchased from Cummins Inc. (Cummins). The Company purchased a significant portion of its transmissions from Eaton Corporation Plc. (Eaton) and ZF Friedrichshafen AG (ZF). The Company also purchased a significant portion of North America stampings used for cabs from Magna International Inc. (Magna). The Company has agreements with Cummins, Eaton, ZF and Magna to provide for continuity of supply. A loss of supply from Cummins, Eaton, ZF or Magna, and the resulting interruption in the production of trucks, would have a material effect on the Company’s results. Purchased materials and parts include raw materials, partially processed materials, such as castings, and finished components manufactured by independent suppliers. The Company and its suppliers rely on semiconductors as an essential component in the production of its trucks and aftermarket parts. The Company and its suppliers source semiconductors from various suppliers. Raw materials, partially processed materials and finished components typically make up approximately 85% of the cost of new trucks. The value of finished truck components manufactured by independent suppliers is lower in Europe due to a higher level of vertical integration as compared to North America. In addition to materials, the Company’s cost of sales includes labor and factory overhead, vehicle delivery and warranty. Accordingly, except for certain factory overhead costs such as facilities depreciation, property taxes and utilities, the Company’s cost of sales are highly correlated to sales. The Company’s DAF subsidiary purchases fully assembled cabs from a competitor, Renault V.I., for its European light-, product line pursuant to a joint product development and supply contract. Sales of trucks manufactured with these cabs amounted to approximately 2% of consolidated revenues in 2024. A loss of supply, and the resulting interruption in the production of these trucks, would not have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations. However, a loss of supply for an extended period of time would require the Company to either contract for an alternative source of supply or to manufacture cabs itself. Other than these components, the Company is not limited to any single source for any significant component, although the sudden inability of a supplier to deliver components could have a temporary adverse effect on production of certain products. Manufacturing inventory levels are based upon production schedules and orders are placed with suppliers accordingly. Key factors affecting Truck segment earnings include the number of new trucks sold in the markets served and the margins realized on the sales. The Company’s sales of new trucks are dependent on the size of the truck markets served and the Company’s share of those markets. Truck segment sales and margins tend to be cyclical based on the level of overall economic activity, the availability of capital and the amount of freight being transported. The Company’s costs for trucks consist primarily of material costs, which are influenced by the price of commodities such as steel, copper, aluminum and petroleum. The Company utilizes supply agreements to reduce the variability of the unit cost of purchased materials and finished components and engages in hedging activities for some commodities in certain geographical markets. The Company’s spending on research and development varies based on product development cycles and government requirements such as changes to diesel engine emissions and vehicle fuel efficiency standards in the various markets served. The Company maintains rigorous control of selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses and seeks to minimize such costs. There are four principal competitors in the U.S. and Canada commercial truck market. The Company’s share of the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market was 30.7% of retail sales in 2024, and the Company’s market share was 18.0%. In Europe, there are six principal competitors in the commercial truck market, including parent companies to the four competitors of the Company in the U.S. In 2024, DAF had a 14.4% share of the European market and a 9.5% share of the light/ market. These markets are highly competitive in price, quality and service. PACCAR is not dependent on any single customer for its sales. There are no significant seasonal variations in sales. The Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF nameplates are recognized internationally and play an important role in the marketing of the Company’s truck products. The Company engages in a continuous program of trademark and trade name protection in all marketing areas of the world. 4 The Company’s truck products are subject to noise, emission and safety regulations. Competing manufacturers are subject to the same regulations. The Company believes the cost of complying with these regulations will not be detrimental to its business. The Company had a total production backlog of $7.6 billion at the end of 2024. Within this backlog, orders scheduled for delivery within three months (90 days) are considered to be firm. The 90‑day backlog approximated $3.8 billion at December 31, 2024, $7.6 billion at December 31, 2023 and $8.0 billion at December 31, 2022. Production of the 2024 backlog is expected to be substantially completed during 2025. PARTS The Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles to over 2,000 Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers and more than 350 TRP, PACCAR's aftermarket parts brand, stores in 95 countries around the world. Aftermarket truck parts are sold and delivered to the Company’s independent dealers through the Company’s 20 strategically located parts distribution centers (PDCs) in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia, Mexico and Central and South America. Parts are primarily purchased from various suppliers and also manufactured by the Company. Aftermarket parts inventory levels are determined largely by anticipated customer demand and the need for timely delivery. The Parts segment accounted for 20% of total 2024 net sales and revenues. Key factors affecting Parts segment earnings include the aftermarket parts sold in the markets served and the margins realized on the sales. Aftermarket parts sales are influenced by the total number of the Company’s trucks in service and the average age and mileage of those trucks. To reflect the benefit the Parts segment receives from costs incurred by the Truck segment, certain factory overhead, research and development, engineering and SG&A expenses are allocated from the Truck segment to the Parts segment. The Company’s cost for parts sold consists primarily of material costs, which are influenced by the price of commodities such as steel, copper, aluminum and petroleum. The Company utilizes supply agreements to reduce the variability of the cost of parts sold. The Company maintains rigorous control of SG&A expenses and seeks to minimize such costs. FINANCIAL SERVICES PACCAR Financial Services (PFS) operates in 26 countries in North America, Europe, Australia and South America through wholly owned finance companies operating under the PACCAR Financial trade name. PFS also conducts leasing operations through operating divisions or wholly owned subsidiaries in North America, Germany and Australia under the PacLease trade name. Selected dealers in North America and Australia are franchised to provide leasing. PFS provides its franchisees with equipment financing and administrative support. PFS also operates its own lease outlets. PFS’s retail loan and lease customers consist of small, medium and large commercial trucking companies, independent owner/operators and other businesses and acquire their PACCAR trucks principally from independent PACCAR dealers. PFS accounted for 6% of total net sales and revenues and 52% of total assets in 2024. PFS is primarily responsible for managing the sales of the Company’s used trucks. The Company’s Financial Services segment sells used trucks returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business and trucks acquired from repossessions. PFS also obtains used trucks from the Truck segment in trades related to new truck sales and trucks returned from residual value guarantees (RVGs). Certain gains and losses from the sale of used trucks are shared with the Truck segment. The Company’s Financial Services segment records revenue on the sale of used trucks received in trade and RVG returns. The Company’s finance receivables are classified as dealer wholesale, dealer retail and customer retail segments. The dealer wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing to independent PACCAR dealers. The dealer retail segment consists of loans and leases to participating dealers and franchises, which use the proceeds to fund their customers’ acquisition of trucks and related equipment. The customer retail segment consists of loans and leases directly to customers for their acquisition of trucks and related equipment. Customer retail receivables are further segregated by fleet and owner/operator classes. The fleet class consists of customers operating five or more trucks. All others are considered owner/operators. Similar methods are employed to assess and monitor credit risk for each class. Finance receivables are secured by the trucks and related equipment being financed or leased. The terms of loan and lease contracts generally range from three to five years depending on the type and use of equipment. Payment is required on dealer inventory financing when the floored truck is sold to a customer or upon maturity of the flooring loan, whichever comes first. Dealer inventory loans generally mature within one year. 5 The Company funds its financial services activities primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. The primary sources of borrowings in the capital markets are commercial paper and notes issued in public and private offerings and, to a lesser extent, bank loans. An additional source of funds is loans from other PACCAR companies. PFS matches the maturity and interest rate characteristics of its debt with the maturity and interest rate characteristics of loans and leases. Key factors affecting the earnings of the Financial Services segment include the volume of new loans and leases, the yield earned on the loans and leases, the costs of funding investments in loans and leases, the ability to collect the amounts owed to PFS, the volume of used truck sales and used truck prices. New loan and lease volume is dependent on the volume of new trucks sold by Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF and the share of those truck sales that are financed by the Financial Services segment. The Company’s Financial Services market share is influenced by the extent of competition in the financing market. PFS’s primary competitors include commercial banks and independent finance and leasing companies. The revenue earned on loans and leases depends on market interest and lease rates and the ability of PFS to differentiate itself from the competition by superior industry knowledge and customer service. Dealer inventory loans have variable rates with rates reset monthly based on an index pertaining to the applicable local market. Retail loan and lease contracts normally have fixed rates over the contract term. PFS obtains funds either through fixed rate borrowings or through variable rate borrowings, a portion of which have been effectively converted to fixed rate through the use of contracts. This enables PFS to obtain a stable spread between the cost of borrowing and the yield on fixed rate contracts over the contract term. Included in Financial Services cost of revenues is depreciation on equipment on operating leases. The amount of depreciation on operating leases principally depends on the acquisition cost of leased equipment, the term of the leases, which generally ranges from three to five years, and the residual value of the leases, which generally ranges from 30% to 70%. The margin earned is the difference between the revenues on loan and lease contracts and the direct costs of operation, including interest and depreciation. PFS incurs credit losses when customers are unable to pay the full amounts due under loan and finance lease contracts. PFS takes a conservative approach to underwriting new retail business in order to minimize credit losses. The ability of customers to pay their obligations to PFS depends on the state of the general economy, the extent of freight demand, freight rates and the cost of fuel, among other factors. PFS limits its exposure to any one customer, with no one customer or dealer balance representing over 5% of the aggregate portfolio assets. PFS generally requires a down payment and secures its interest in the underlying truck collateral and may require other collateral or guarantees. In the event of default, PFS will repossess the truck and sell it in the open market primarily through its dealer network or PFS used truck centers. PFS will also seek to recover any shortfall between the amounts owed and the amounts recovered from sale of the collateral. The amount of credit losses depends on the rate of default on loans and finance leases and, in the event of repossession, the ability to recover the amount owed from sale of the collateral which is affected by used truck prices and other factors. For over sixty years, PFS’s experience has been that periods of economic weakness result in higher past dues and increased rates of repossession. Used truck prices also tend to fall during periods of economic weakness. As a result, credit losses tend to increase during periods of economic weakness. PFS provides an allowance for credit losses based on specifically identified customer risks and an analysis of estimated losses inherent in the portfolio, considering the amount of past due accounts, the trends of used truck prices and the current and forecasted economic conditions of its geographic markets. Financial Services SG&A expenses consist primarily of personnel costs associated with originating and servicing the loan and lease portfolios. These costs vary somewhat depending on overall levels of business activity, but given the ongoing nature of servicing activities, tend to be relatively stable. OTHER BUSINESSES Other businesses included the manufacturing of industrial winches in two U.S. plants and marketing them under the BRADEN, CARCO and Gearmatic nameplates through October 31, 2024. Sales of industrial winches were less than 1% of total net sales and revenues in 2024, 2023 and 2022. PATENTS The Company owns numerous patents which relate to all product lines. Although these patents are considered important to the overall conduct of the Company’s business, no patent or group of patents is considered essential to a material part of the Company’s business. 6 REGULATION As a manufacturer of highway trucks, the Company is subject to the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act and Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards promulgated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration as well as environmental laws and regulations in the United States, and is subject to similar regulations in all countries where it has operations and where its trucks are distributed. In addition, the Company is subject to certain other licensing requirements to do business in the United States and Europe. The Company believes it is in compliance with laws and regulations applicable to safety standards, the environment and other licensing requirements in all countries where it has operations and where its trucks are distributed. The Company designs and manufactures engines for use in PACCAR vehicles worldwide. The Company’s operations and products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing greenhouse gas and gas emissions. These include standards imposed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the European Union, U.S. state regulatory agencies (such as the California Air Resources Board), regulatory agencies in other international markets where the Company operates, and international accords related to climate change including the Paris Agreement. The primary laws and regulations are the EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and Engines and Vehicles, EPA’s Clean Truck Initiative, the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Monitoring and Reporting of CO2 Emissions from Fuel Consumption of New Vehicles, and the Omnibus Regulation and Advanced Clean Truck (ACT) regulation of the California Air Resources Board. The ACT regulation, which has been adopted by several other states, requires an increasing percentage of medium- and trucks sold into the state to be zero emissions. The Company continually monitors developments in emissions and climate laws and regulations in the markets in which the Company conducts business. The Company will continue to fund capital and R&D projects to meet future emissions and certification requirements through the introduction of new technologies into our products, engines and exhaust systems. The Company’s manufacturing and assembly plants are subject to environmental laws and regulations such as regulating air emissions, water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous substances. Failure to comply with these regulations could lead to fines and other penalties. The Company believes in all material respects it is in compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to our plants and operations. Information regarding the effects that compliance with international, federal, state and local environmental regulations have on the Company’s capital and operating expenditures and the Company’s involvement in environmental matters is included in Item 1A, “Risk Factors” and in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Items 7 and 8, respectively. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT PACCAR is committed to a strong, inclusive and collaborative culture and the Company’s excellent financial results reflect its outstanding workforce. The Company provides its employees with robust benefit packages, comprehensive training programs, tuition assistance and a work environment that promotes safety, respect and belonging. The Company’s benefit packages support employee physical, emotional and financial . Employee satisfaction and engagement are measured through periodic surveys. Employee training and development programs are extensive and comprehensive, including professional and technical skills training, compliance training, leadership development and management training. The Company is proud to have been honored for the past several years as a Top Company for Women to Work for in Transportation by the Women in Trucking Association. PACCAR has a proud tradition of making grants around the world for education, social services and the arts to enrich the communities in which its employees live and work. Safety is a key priority and the Company’s major manufacturing facilities are equipped with safety and health departments staffed with trained medical personnel. The Company’s managers continuously address safety enhancements; provide regular and ongoing safety training; and use displays located in the Factories, Parts Distribution Centers and Offices to provide all employees with information. PACCAR’s consistent focus on workplace safety has resulted in a recordable injury rate lower than the U.S. industry average. On December 31, 2024, the Company had approximately 30,100 employees. Approximately 38% were U.S. employees. 7 ENVIRONMENTAL AND SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP Reducing the environmental impact of the Company’s activities and products is an integral part of the Company’s process of continuous improvement. PACCAR’s commitment to the environment is demonstrated in the Company’s energy efficient operations and technologically advanced products. The Company’s environmental management system and policy are designed to focus on the reduction of the environmental impacts of the Company’s activities, products and services. PACCAR has publicly disclosed greenhouse gas emissions on its website and through CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) since 2014 and has established greenhouse gas emission reduction targets approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). PACCAR expects to continue to significantly invest in technologies to improve fuel efficiency for its customers, which would also reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Operations - PACCAR is committed to environmental responsibility in the vehicle production process. PACCAR is continuously looking for ways to reduce waste, reuse materials, conserve energy in its facilities and reduce the environmental impact of our activities. PACCAR’s factories are ISO 14001 certified and more than 80% are zero . Innovative Products - A key element of PACCAR’s environmental strategy is to offer our customers commercial vehicles that reduce environmental impacts. The Company invests in technologies that reduce greenhouse gas emissions such as highly diesel engines, natural gas and biofuel engines, as well as next generation electric, hybrid, and hydrogen powertrains. To develop these products and technologies, PACCAR makes significant research and development and capital investments every year. PACCAR’s Zero Emissions Trucks - PACCAR’s research and development efforts include demonstration and development projects for Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF vehicles, including , hydrogen fuel cell, hydrogen combustion and hybrid technologies. PACCAR is currently producing Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks. Low Carbon and Renewable Fuels – All truck sales and diesel engine unit sales are certified to use biofuels. PACCAR’s and engines are certified to use B10/B20/B30 and XTL biofuels in Europe and B20 biofuel in the U.S. Engines used in PACCAR trucks not manufactured by the Company are certified to use up to B20 biofuels. Advanced Vehicles - PACCAR continued its SuperTruck 3 program to develop and deploy next generation Class 8 Kenworth and Peterbilt vehicles, along with its vehicle charging infrastructure. SuperTruck 3 is a U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) initiative to develop zero emissions medium- and trucks. The SuperTruck initiative was launched in 2009 by the DOE to improve truck freight efficiency. Kenworth and Peterbilt successfully developed vehicles in the prior SuperTruck and SuperTruck 2 programs. Many of the technologies developed in the earlier SuperTruck programs were deployed in production vehicles, benefiting the environment and PACCAR’s customers. Remanufacturing - Remanufacturing is the industrial process of returning a previously used component to “ ” condition. Remanufacturing helps the environment by reducing waste. PACCAR’s aftermarket parts division sells remanufactured engines and many other remanufactured components. PACCAR is investing in additional global engine manufacturing capacity, and in the construction of a new engine remanufacturing facility in Columbus, Mississippi. The Company also has engine remanufacturing capacity on its Eindhoven Campus in the Netherlands. 8 Connected Trucks and Driver Training - PACCAR Connect fleet management system gives fleet customers information on vehicle and driver performance including fuel consumption, fleet utilization, idle time and route optimization. This information enables customers to improve fleet operating efficiency and reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions. PACCAR has introduced technologies that train drivers to operate vehicles more efficiently. Battery Manufacturing - PACCAR, Cummins, Daimler Trucks and EVE Energy have partnered to produce commercial vehicle batteries in a 21-gigawatt hour (GWh) factory in Marshall County, Mississippi. The factory is expected to start production in the next few years. OTHER DISCLOSURES The Company’s filings on Forms 10‑K, 10‑Q and 8‑K and any amendments to those reports can be found on the Company’s website www.paccar.com free of charge as soon as practicable after the report is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The information on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into this report. In addition, the Company’s reports filed with the SEC can be found at www.sec.gov . 9 INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY’S EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K: Information about the Company’s Executive Officers as of February 19, 2025 is as follows: Name and Age Present Position and Other Position(s) Held During Last Five Years Mark C. Pigott (71) Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since April 2014; Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 1997 to April 2014. Mr. Pigott is the brother of John M. Pigott, a director of the Company. R. Preston Feight (57) Chief Executive Officer since July 2019. Harrie C.A.M. Schippers (62) President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2018. Kevin D. Baney (54) Executive Vice President since January 2025; Senior Vice President from January 2024 to December 2024; Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager of Kenworth Truck Company from August 2019 to December 2023. C. Michael Dozier (59) Executive Vice President since January 2023; Senior Vice President from January 2020 to December 2022. Darrin C. Siver (58) Executive Vice President since January 2023; Senior Vice President from January 2017 to December 2022. Laura J. Bloch (48) Senior Vice President since January 2025; Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager of PACCAR Parts from March 2022 to December 2024; Senior Assistant General Manager of Sales and Marketing, PACCAR Parts from August 2021 to February 2022; Assistant General Manager of Sales and Marketing, Kenworth from February 2019 to July 2021. John N. Rich (56) Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since January 2024; Vice President and Chief Technology Officer from March 2021 to December 2023; Prior to that, he worked for 30 years at Ford Motor Company in positions of increasing responsibility including Director of Autonomous Vehicles and Technology; Chief Operating Officer of AV LLC and Executive Director of Global Strategy. Paulo H. Bolgar (56) Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since June 2022; Served as Human Resources Vice President of Americas and Global Business Units and Global R&D for Baxter International, Inc. from January 2020 to May 2022. Craig R. Gryniewicz (57) Vice President, Global Financial Services since February 2025; Vice President of PACCAR and President of PACCAR Financial Corp. from February 2019 to January 2024. A. Lily Ley (59) Vice President and Chief Information Officer since January 2017. Jacob J. Montero (41) Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager of Peterbilt since January 2025; Assistant General Manager of Sales and Marketing, Peterbilt from July 2023 to December 2024; General Sales Manager, Peterbilt from August 2019 to June 2023. Brice J. Poplawski (60) Vice President and Controller since May 2023; Senior Operations Controller from July 2020 to April 2023; Corporate Operations Controller from January 2007 to June 2020. Harald P. Seidel (57) Vice President of PACCAR and President of DAF Trucks N.V. since August 2022; Director of Finance of DAF Trucks N.V. from October 2017 to July 2022. Bryan M. Sitko (48) Vice President and General Manager of PACCAR Parts since January 2025; Assistant General Manager of Operations, Kenworth from June 2022 to December 2024; Assistant General Manager of Sales and Marketing, PACCAR Financial Corp from January 2019 to May 2022. James W. Walenczak (50) Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager of Kenworth since January 2024; Assistant General Manager – Sales and Marketing, Kenworth from August 2021 to December 2023; Assistant General Manager – Operations, PACCAR Parts from February 2019 to July 2021. Michael K. Walton (60) Vice President and General Counsel since August 2020; Senior Counsel from August 2007 to July 2020. Harry M.B. Wolters (54) Vice President of PACCAR and General Manager Global Powertrain & Electrification since August 2022; Vice President of PACCAR and President of DAF Trucks N.V. from September 2018 to July 2022. Officers are appointed by the Board of Directors annually but may be appointed or removed on interim dates. 10 ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS. The following are significant risks which could have a material negative impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. Business and Industry Risks Commercial Truck Market Demand is Variable . The Company’s business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the Company’s equipment and services. The yearly demand for commercial vehicles may increase or decrease more than overall gross domestic product in markets the Company serves, which are principally North America and Europe. Demand for commercial vehicles may also be affected by the introduction of new vehicles and technologies by the Company or its competitors. Competition and Prices. The Company operates in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect the Company’s sales and pricing. Financial results depend largely on the ability to develop, manufacture and market competitive products that profitably meet customer demand. Production Costs, Capacity and Inflation. The Company’s products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. Commodity or component price increases, cost pressures due to inflation, significant shortages of component products and labor availability may adversely impact the Company’s financial results or use of its production capacity. Many of the Company’s suppliers also supply automotive manufacturers, and factors that adversely affect the automotive industry can also have adverse effects on these suppliers and the Company. Supplier delivery performance can be adversely affected if increased demand for these suppliers’ products exceeds their production capacity. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, extreme weather events, or pandemics, may increase the Company’s cost of doing business or disrupt the Company’s or its suppliers’ operations. The likelihood or severity of these unexpected events may increase due to the effects of climate change. Transition Risks Related to Climate Change. The Company has ongoing product development programs intended to address changing customer demand in the context of climate change and achieve its targeted reductions in emissions. These involve the continuing development of compliant clean diesel powertrains and the design, manufacture, and sale of alternative powertrain commercial vehicles (e.g., , hybrid, hydrogen fuel cell, and hydrogen combustion). The pace of transition from diesel combustion to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles is highly uncertain and will be influenced by: • the success of the Company’s research and development programs • customer demand for alternative powertrain vehicles • advancements in , hybrid, hydrogen fuel cell, and hydrogen combustion technology • the cost of batteries, hydrogen fuel cells and liquid hydrogen • global regulations requiring the use of alternative powertrain vehicles and/or providing incentives to facilitate the transition to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles • investments in energy and power infrastructure (e.g., renewable power supply, electric charging services, hydrogen supply and distribution) in key markets, as well as the associated utility costs • the ability of the supply chain to deliver components, including commodities and raw materials that are unique to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles • the success of new and existing competitors in developing and selling alternative powertrain commercial vehicles The Company believes its current strategies, programs and resources are sufficient to address changes in customer demand in the context of climate change and to meet its emissions reduction targets. If the Company is not successful in addressing the risks noted above, there may be a material adverse impact on its business, operations, and financial condition. 11 Liquidity Risks, Credit Ratings and Costs of Funds. Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit the Company’s sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers, dealers and suppliers. A lowering of the Company’s credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and adversely affect access to capital markets. The Company’s Financial Services segment obtains funds for its operations from commercial paper, notes and bank debt. If the markets for commercial paper, notes and bank debt do not provide the necessary liquidity in the future, the Financial Services segment may experience increased costs or may have to limit its financing of retail and wholesale assets. This could result in a reduction of the number of vehicles the Company is able to produce and sell to customers. The Financial Services Industry is Highly Competitive. The Company’s Financial Services segment competes with banks, other commercial finance companies and financial services firms which may have lower costs of borrowing, higher leverage or market share goals that result in a willingness to offer lower interest rates, which may lead to decreased margins, lower market share or both. A decline in the Company’s truck unit sales or a decrease in used truck prices are also factors which may affect the Company’s Financial Services segment. The Financial Services Segment is Subject to Credit Risk. The Financial Services segment is exposed to the risk of loss arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases and derivative contracts with the Company. Although the financial assets of the Financial Services segment are secured by the underlying equipment and sometimes other collateral, in the event a customer cannot meet its obligations to the Company, there is a risk the value of the underlying collateral will not be sufficient to recover the amounts owed to the Company, resulting in credit losses. Risks. The Financial Services segment is subject to risks, because increases in interest rates can reduce demand for its products, increase borrowing costs and potentially reduce interest margins. PFS uses derivative contracts to match the characteristics of its debt to the characteristics of its finance receivables in order to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates. Information Technology and Cybersecurity. The Company relies on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. Some of the Company’s products include telematics which provide software updates, advanced fleet management tools and data analytics on driver and vehicle performance. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses/malware; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the Company’s business or gain unauthorized access to the Company’s electronic data. The Company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. If the Company’s computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the Company’s intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the Company’s customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the Company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. These events could have an adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace. Political, Regulatory and Economic Risks Multinational Operations . The Company’s global operations are exposed to political, economic and other risks and events beyond its control in the countries in which the Company operates. The Company may be adversely affected by political instabilities, fuel shortages or interruptions in utility or transportation systems, natural calamities, recessions or slower economic growth, inflation, epidemics and pandemics, wars, geopolitical tensions and conflicts, terrorism and labor strikes. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies and international trade policies may impact demand for the Company’s products, financial results and competitive position. PACCAR’s global operations are subject to extensive trade, competition and laws and regulations that could impose significant compliance costs. Environmental Regulations. The Company’s operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. The Company could experience higher research and development and manufacturing costs due to changes in government requirements for its products, including changes in emissions, fuel, greenhouse gas or other regulations. 12 Emissions Requirements and Reduction Targets. PACCAR’s operations and products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing greenhouse gas and gas emissions. These include standards imposed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the European Union, U.S. state regulatory agencies (such as the California Air Resources Board), regulatory agencies in other international markets where the Company operates, and international accords related to climate change including the Paris Agreement. The primary laws and regulations are the EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and Engines and Vehicles, EPA’s Clean Truck Initiative, the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Monitoring and Reporting of CO2 Emissions from Fuel Consumption of New Vehicles, and the Omnibus Regulation and Advanced Clean Truck (ACT) regulation of the California Air Resources Board. The EU regulations have set CO2 emission reduction targets and require a significant portion of vehicles sold to be zero or near zero emission. Not meeting these targets would result in significant fines by the EU commission. The ACT regulation, which has been adopted by several states, requires an increasing percentage of medium- and trucks sold into the state to be zero emission. The Company’s product planning is aligned with these statutory and regulatory requirements, and uses a climate change scenario analysis to limit global warming to below 2°C. Even without legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, PACCAR expects to continue to significantly invest in technologies to improve fuel efficiency for its customers, which would also reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The Company continually monitors developments in emissions and climate laws and regulations in the markets in which the Company conducts business, and expects that climate laws, regulations, and international accords will continue to evolve. PACCAR cannot reasonably predict whether future laws, regulations, and international accords could materially increase its environmental compliance costs, alter its product development strategy, or impact its business, financial condition, or results of operations. Recalls, Litigation, Product Liability and Regulatory. The Company’s products are subject to recall for environmental, performance and issues. Product recalls, lawsuits, regulatory actions or increases in the reserves the Company establishes for contingencies may increase the Company’s costs and lower profits. Due to the international nature of the Company’s business, some products are also subject to international trade regulations, including customs and import/export related laws and regulations, government embargoes and sanctions prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries, as well as laws. The Company’s telematics depend on cellular frequency allocations regulated by government agencies and collected data is subject to various privacy laws and government regulations. The Company’s reputation and its brand names are valuable assets, and claims or regulatory actions, even if unsuccessful or without merit, could adversely affect the Company’s reputation and brand images because of adverse publicity. Currency Exchange and Translation. The Company’s consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, while significant operations are denominated in the currencies of other countries. Currency exchange rate fluctuations can affect the Company’s assets, liabilities and results of operations through both translation and transaction risk, as reported in the Company’s financial statements. The Company uses certain derivative financial instruments and localized production of its products to reduce, but not eliminate, the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Accounting Estimates. In the preparation of the Company’s financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. Certain of these estimates, judgments and assumptions, such as residual values on operating leases, the allowance for credit losses and product warranty are particularly sensitive. If actual results are different from estimates used by management, they may have a material impact on the financial statements. For additional disclosures regarding accounting estimates, see “Critical Accounting Policies” under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Taxes. Changes in statutory income tax rates in the countries in which the Company operates impact the Company’s effective tax rate. Changes to other taxes or the adoption of other new tax legislation could affect the Company’s provision for income taxes and related tax assets and liabilities. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS. None. 13 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY. The Company maintains a comprehensive cybersecurity management and governance program. The Company’s information security management system is based upon the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF). The Company engages internal and auditors and other professional parties when necessary, as part of its cybersecurity management program. The Company conducts penetration and compromise assessment tests, implements detection and prevention tools, monitors cyber events and has active disaster recovery plans. For IT services, the Company conducts an architectural, privacy and security analysis of their solution. If any gaps are identified, the remediates or mitigates the risk to an acceptable level. The Company simulates potential and performs incident responses to test preparedness. These exercises are used to train and update the Company’s Incident Response plan, including any gaps identified. The Company conducts yearly information security training for employees and conducts ongoing phishing tests. The Company’s Security Risk Council, including the Chief Information Security Officer, meets regularly to cover risks, plans and updates to the security program. It briefs the Board of Directors and/or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors on technology and information security matters. Management and the Board of Directors also receive periodic updates on the status of cybersecurity investments to guard against such events. In the event of a security breach, the Company’s Security Risk Council evaluates its significance and briefs the Board on the event. The Company has not experienced any notable security incidents that would have a material impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Certain dealers and suppliers have reported they have experienced cyberattacks and those have not caused any material impact to the Company. ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES. The Company and its subsidiaries own and operate manufacturing plants in four U.S. states, three countries in Europe, and in Australia, Brasil, Canada and Mexico. The Company also has 20 parts distribution centers, many sales and service offices, and finance and administrative offices which are operated in owned or leased premises in these and other locations, including a service office in India. Facilities for product testing and research and development are located in the state of Washington and the Netherlands. The Company also has an innovation center in Sunnyvale, California. The Company’s corporate headquarters is located in owned premises in Bellevue, Washington. The Company considers all of the properties used by its businesses to be suitable for their intended purposes. The Company invests in facilities, equipment and processes to provide manufacturing and warehouse capacity to meet its customers’ needs and improve operating performance. The following summarizes the number of the Company’s manufacturing plants and parts distribution centers by geographical location within indicated industry segments: U.S. Canada Australia Mexico Europe Central and So. America Truck 4 1 1 1 3 1 Parts 7 2 2 1 5 3 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Refer to Note L – “Commitments and Contingencies” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8) for discussion on litigation matters, which is incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 14 PAR T II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOC KHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. (a) Market Information, Holders, Dividends, Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans and Performance Graph. Market Information and Holders. Common stock of the Company is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol PCAR. There were 1,392 record holders of the common stock at December 31, 2024. The Company expects to continue paying regular cash dividends, although there is no assurance as to future dividends because they are dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements and financial conditions. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. The following table provides information as of December 31, 2024 regarding compensation plans under which PACCAR equity securities are authorized for issuance. Number of Securities Granted and to be Issued Related to Outstanding Options and Restricted Stock Units Exercise Price of Outstanding Options Securities Available for Future Grant Stock compensation plans approved by stockholders 4,564,123 $ 68.77 14,247,054 All stock compensation plans have been approved by the stockholders. The number of securities to be issued includes those issuable under the PACCAR Inc Long Term Incentive Plan (LTI Plan) and the Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (RSDC Plan). Securities to be issued include 682,514 shares that represent deferred cash awards payable in stock. Securities available for future grant are authorized under the following two plans: (i) 13,321,465 shares under the LTI Plan, and (ii) 925,589 shares under the RSDC Plan. 15 Stockholder Return Performance Graph. The following line graph compares the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company’s common stock, to the cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor’s Composite 500 Stock Index and the return of the industry peer group of companies identified below (the “Peer Group Index”) for the last five fiscal years ended December 31, 2024. The Peer Group Index includes AGCO Corporation, Caterpillar Inc., Cummins Inc., Daimler Truck Holdings AG (effective January 1, 2022), Deere & Company, Eaton Corporation, Iveco Group N.V. (effective January 1, 2022), Oshkosh Corporation, TRATON SE (effective January 1, 2021), Navistar International Corporation (from 2019 through 2020), Terex Corporation and AB Volvo. Standard & Poor’s has calculated a return for each company in the Peer Group Index weighted according to its respective capitalization at the beginning of each period with dividends reinvested on a monthly basis. Management believes that the identified companies and methodology used in the graph for the Peer Group Index provide a better comparison than other indices available. The comparison assumes that $100 was invested December 31, 2019, in the Company’s common stock and in the stated indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends. 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 PACCAR Inc 100 111.74 118.03 138.09 214.05 237.19 S&P 500 Index 100 118.40 152.39 124.79 157.59 197.02 Peer Group Index 100 133.64 162.88 177.56 214.49 260.91 16 (b) Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities. Not applicable. (c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers. On December 4, 2018, PACCAR’s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of the Company’s outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has repurchased $110.0 million of shares under this plan. There were no repurchases made during the fourth quarter of 2024. ITEM 6. [Reserved] 17 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. OVERVIEW: PACCAR is a global technology company whose Truck segment includes the design and manufacture of light-, medium- and commercial trucks. In the U.S. and Canada, trucks are sold under the Kenworth and Peterbilt nameplates, in Europe, under the DAF nameplate and in Mexico, Australia and South America, under the Kenworth and DAF nameplates. The Parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles. The Company’s Financial Services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing PACCAR products in North America, Europe, Australia and South America. The Company’s Other business included the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches through October 31, 2024, when PACCAR sold its industrial winch business. 2024 Financial Highlights • Worldwide net sales and revenues were $33.66 billion in 2024 compared to $35.13 billion in 2023, primarily due to lower truck revenues, partially offset by higher parts and financial services revenues. • Truck sales were $24.84 billion in 2024 compared to $26.85 billion in 2023 from lower revenues in Europe and the U.S. and Canada. • Parts sales were $6.67 billion in 2024 compared to $6.41 billion in 2023, reflecting higher price realization in all markets. • Financial Services revenues were $2.10 billion in 2024 compared to $1.81 billion in 2023, primarily due to portfolio growth and higher portfolio yields. • In 2024, PACCAR earned net income for the 86 th consecutive year. Net income was $4.16 billion ($7.90 per diluted share) in 2024 compared to $4.60 billion ($8.76 per diluted share) in 2023. • return on beginning equity (ROE) was 26.2% in 2024 compared to 34.9% in 2023. Equity increased 10.3% from $15.88 billion in 2023 to a record $17.51 billion in 2024. • Capital investments were $795.8 million in 2024 compared to $698.3 million in 2023. • Research and development (R&D) expenses were $452.9 million in 2024 compared to $410.9 million in 2023. PACCAR opened its new, 240,000 Parts Distribution Center (PDC) in Massbach, Germany, in November 2024. This PDC supports DAF’s growth in Germany, Europe’s largest truck market, by enhancing parts delivery to dealers and customers. The PACCAR Financial Services (PFS) group of companies has operations covering four continents and 26 countries. The global breadth of PFS and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of loans and leases with total assets of $22.41 billion. PFS issued $3.65 billion in notes during 2024 to support new business volume and repay maturing debt. Truck Outlook Truck industry retail sales in the U.S. and Canada in 2025 are expected to be 250,000 to 280,000 units compared to 268,100 in 2024. In Europe, the 2025 truck industry registrations for over 16-tonne vehicles are expected to be 270,000 to 300,000 units compared to 316,100 in 2024. In South America, truck industry registrations in 2025 are projected to be 115,000 to 125,000 compared to 119,000 in 2024. Parts Outlook In 2025, PACCAR Parts sales are expected to increase 2-4% compared to 2024, depending on the economic conditions. 18 Financial Services Outlook In 2025, average earning assets are expected to be comparable to 2024. The used truck market has normalized in North America, but remains soft in Europe. If freight transportation conditions decline due to a weaker economy, then past due accounts, truck repossessions and credit losses would likely increase from the current levels and new business volume would likely decline. Capital Investments and R&D Outlook PACCAR's excellent profits, strong balance sheet and consistent focus on quality have enabled the Company to invest $8.6 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. Capital investments in 2025 are expected to be $700 to $800 million, and R&D is expected to be $460 to $500 million. PACCAR is investing in its truck factories, including expansions at Kenworth Chillicothe, Ohio, PACCAR Mexico, and the DAF truck assembly plant in Eindhoven, Netherlands. Investments in PACCAR's global engine business include additional manufacturing and remanufacturing capacity. In addition to the capital and R&D investments, the Company expects to invest another $400 to $700 million in its battery joint venture, Amplify Cell Technologies. See the Statements section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis for factors that may affect these outlooks. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS: The Company’s results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 are presented below. For information on the year ended December 31, 2022, refer to Part II, Item 7 in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. ($ in millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 Net sales and revenues: Truck $ 24,838.4 $ 26,846.4 Parts 6,666.4 6,414.4 Other 59.5 54.7 Truck, Parts and Other 31,564.3 33,315.5 Financial Services 2,099.5 1,811.9 $ 33,663.8 $ 35,127.4 Income before income taxes: Truck $ 2,852.6 $ 3,799.9 Parts 1,704.5 1,702.6 Other* 13.5 (616.8 ) Truck, Parts and Other 4,570.6 4,885.7 Financial Services 435.6 540.3 Investment income 394.7 292.2 Income taxes (1,238.9 ) (1,117.4 ) Net income $ 4,162.0 $ 4,600.8 Diluted earnings per share $ 7.90 $ 8.76 return on revenues 12.4 % 13.1 % * In 2023, Other includes a $600.0 million charge related to civil litigation in Europe ( claims) in the first quarter 2023. In 2024, Other includes a $14.0 million gain on sale of the winch business. The following provides an analysis of the results of operations for the Company’s three reportable segments - Truck, Parts and Financial Services. Where possible, the Company has quantified the impact of factors identified in the following discussion and analysis. In cases where it is not possible to quantify the impact of factors, the Company lists them in estimated order of importance. Factors for which the Company is unable to specifically quantify the impact include market demand, fuel prices, freight tonnage and economic conditions affecting the Company’s results of operations. 19 2024 Compared to 2023: Truck The Company’s Truck segment accounted for 74% of revenues in 2024 compared to 77% in 2023. The Company’s new truck deliveries are summarized below: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 % CHANGE U.S. and Canada 106,400 109,100 (2 ) Europe 45,400 63,200 (28 ) Mexico, South America, Australia and other 33,500 31,900 5 Total units 185,300 204,200 (9 ) Worldwide new truck deliveries decreased in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to lower deliveries in Europe. Market share data discussed below is provided by sources and is measured by either retail sales or registrations for the Company’s dealer network as a percentage of total retail sales or registrations depending on the geographic market. In the U.S. and Canada, market share is based on retail sales. In Europe, market share is based primarily on registrations. In 2024, industry retail sales in the market in the U.S. and Canada decreased to 268,100 units from 297,000 units in 2023. The Company’s truck retail market share was 30.7% in 2024 compared to 29.5% in 2023. The market was 110,400 units in 2024 compared to 105,300 units in 2023. The Company’s market share was 18.0% in 2024 compared to 14.5% in 2023. The over 16‑tonne truck market in Europe in 2024 decreased to 316,100 units from 343,300 units in 2023, and DAF’s market share was 14.4% in 2024 compared to 15.6% in 2023. The 6 to 16‑tonne market was 50,900 units in 2024 and 46,800 units in 2023. DAF’s market share in the 6 to 16-tonne market in 2024 was 9.5% compared to 9.1% in 2023. The over 16‑tonne truck market in Brasil in 2024 increased to 97,700 units from 82,100 units in 2023, and DAF Brasil's market share was 9.9% in 2024 compared to 10.2% in 2023. The Company’s worldwide truck net sales and revenues are summarized below: ($ in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 % CHANGE Truck net sales and revenues: U.S. and Canada $ 15,386.1 $ 15,898.5 (3 ) Europe 4,998.2 6,871.3 (27 ) Mexico, South America, Australia and other 4,454.1 4,076.6 9 $ 24,838.4 $ 26,846.4 (7 ) Truck income before income taxes $ 2,852.6 $ 3,799.9 (25 ) return on revenues 11.5 % 14.2 % The Company’s worldwide truck net sales and revenues decreased to $24.84 billion in 2024 from $26.85 billion in 2023 primarily due to lower truck deliveries in Europe. Truck segment income before income taxes and return on revenues decreased primarily due to lower truck unit deliveries in Europe and the U.S. and Canada, partially offset by higher truck unit deliveries in Mexico and South America. 20 The major factors for the Truck segment changes in net sales and revenues, cost of sales and revenues and gross margin between 2024 and 2023 are as follows: NET COST OF SALES AND SALES AND GROSS ($ in millions) REVENUES REVENUES MARGIN 2023 $ 26,846.4 $ 22,440.6 $ 4,405.8 (Decrease) increase Truck sales volume (2,107.6 ) (1,650.0 ) (457.6 ) Average truck sales prices 155.6 155.6 Average material, labor and other direct costs 557.1 (557.1 ) Factory overhead and other indirect costs 18.6 (18.6 ) Extended warranties, operating leases and other 61.5 106.3 (44.8 ) Currency translation (117.5 ) (82.8 ) (34.7 ) Total decrease (2,008.0 ) (1,050.8 ) (957.2 ) 2024 $ 24,838.4 $ 21,389.8 $ 3,448.6 • Truck sales volume decreased revenues by $2,107.6 million and costs by $1,650.0 million, primarily reflecting lower truck deliveries in Europe and the U.S. and Canada, partially offset by higher truck deliveries in Mexico and Brasil. • Average truck sales prices increased sales by $155.6 million from modest price realization, primarily in the U.S. and Canada, Mexico and Australia. • Average cost per truck increased cost of sales by $557.1 million, primarily reflecting higher raw material and labor costs, partially offset by lower warranty costs. • Factory overhead and other indirect costs increased $18.6 million, primarily due to higher labor costs, primarily offset by lower utilities costs and factory supplies. • Extended warranties, operating leases and other increased revenues by $61.5 million primarily due to higher volume of repair and maintenance (R&M) contracts, extended warranty and dealer support services. The increase in cost of sales by $106.3 million reflects higher costs from extended warranty, R&M contracts, dealer support services and lower used truck results. • The currency translation effect on sales and cost of sales primarily reflects a decline in the value of the Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Mexican peso and Australian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar, partially offset by the increase in value of the euro relative to the U.S. dollar. • Truck gross margin was 13.9% in 2024 compared to 16.4% in 2023 due to the factors noted above. Truck selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses in 2024 decreased to $254.2 million from $278.5 million in 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower sales and marketing expenses and professional expenses. As a percentage of sales, Truck SG&A was 1.0% in 2024 and 1.0% in 2023. 21 Parts The Company’s Parts segment accounted for 20% of revenues in 2024 compared to 18% in 2023. ($ in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 % CHANGE Parts net sales and revenues: U.S. and Canada $ 4,547.5 $ 4,441.7 2 Europe 1,424.3 1,357.0 5 Mexico, South America, Australia and other 694.6 615.7 13 $ 6,666.4 $ 6,414.4 4 Parts income before income taxes $ 1,704.5 $ 1,702.6 return on revenues 25.6 % 26.5 % The Company’s worldwide parts net sales and revenues increased to $6.67 billion in 2024 from $6.41 billion in 2023 primarily due to higher sales in all markets. The major factors for the Parts segment changes in net sales and revenues, cost of sales and revenues and gross margin between 2024 and 2023 are as follows: NET COST OF SALES AND SALES AND GROSS ($ in millions) REVENUES REVENUES MARGIN 2023 $ 6,414.4 $ 4,369.6 $ 2,044.8 Increase (decrease) Aftermarket parts volume 89.8 81.2 8.6 Average aftermarket parts sales prices 161.6 161.6 Average aftermarket parts direct costs 143.9 (143.9 ) Warehouse and other indirect costs 14.2 (14.2 ) Currency translation .6 (4.5 ) 5.1 Total increase 252.0 234.8 17.2 2024 $ 6,666.4 $ 4,604.4 $ 2,062.0 • Aftermarket parts sales volume increased by $89.8 million and related cost of sales increased by $81.2 million, primarily reflecting higher sales volume in all markets except the U.S. and Canada. • Average aftermarket parts sales prices increased sales by $161.6 million, primarily due to price realization in Europe and the U.S. and Canada. • Average aftermarket parts direct costs increased $143.9 million due to higher material costs, primarily in the U.S. and Europe, and higher delivery costs. • Warehouse and other indirect costs increased $14.2 million primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses. • The currency translation effect on sales and cost of sales primarily reflects a decrease in the value of the Brazilian real, Canadian dollar and Australian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar, partially offset by an increase in the value of the euro relative to the U.S. dollar. • Parts gross margin was 30.9% in 2024 compared to 31.9% in 2023 due to the factors noted above. Parts SG&A expense in 2024 increased to $246.4 million from $238.0 million in 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses, partially offset by lower sales and marketing costs. As a percentage of sales, Parts SG&A was 3.7% in 2024 and 3.7% in 2023. 22 Financial Services The Company’s Financial Services segment accounted for 6% of revenues in 2024 compared to 5% in 2023. ($ in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 % CHANGE New loan and lease volume: U.S. and Canada $ 3,961.4 $ 3,662.3 8 Europe 1,325.1 1,586.6 (16 ) Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 2,213.3 1,956.4 13 $ 7,499.8 $ 7,205.3 4 New loan and lease volume by product: Loans and finance leases $ 6,585.2 $ 6,538.6 1 Equipment on operating lease 914.6 666.7 37 $ 7,499.8 $ 7,205.3 4 New loan and lease unit volume: Loans and finance leases 46,600 47,200 (1 ) Equipment on operating lease 7,750 7,200 8 54,350 54,400 Average earning assets: U.S. and Canada $ 11,196.9 $ 9,478.5 18 Europe 4,182.9 4,465.9 (6 ) Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 4,514.9 3,596.5 26 $ 19,894.7 $ 17,540.9 13 Average earning assets by product: Loans and finance leases $ 13,735.6 $ 11,903.3 15 Dealer wholesale financing 3,988.2 3,100.2 29 Equipment on lease and other 2,170.9 2,537.4 (14 ) $ 19,894.7 $ 17,540.9 13 Revenues: U.S. and Canada $ 894.2 $ 759.7 18 Europe 577.9 555.7 4 Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 627.4 496.5 26 $ 2,099.5 $ 1,811.9 16 Revenues by product: Loans and finance leases $ 981.3 $ 766.3 28 Dealer wholesale financing 314.6 243.0 29 Equipment on lease and other 803.6 802.6 $ 2,099.5 $ 1,811.9 16 Income before income taxes $ 435.6 $ 540.3 (19 ) New loan and lease volume increased to a record $7.50 billion in 2024 from $7.21 billion in 2023. The increase in new loan and finance lease volume reflected higher finance market share of new PACCAR truck sales, primarily in the U.S. and Canada and Brasil. The increase in equipment on operating lease volume reflected higher market demand and a higher amount financed per truck in all major markets. The effect of currency translation decreased new loan and lease volume by $85.7 million, primarily due to a decrease in the value of the Brazilian real and Mexican peso relative to the U.S. dollar. PFS finance market share of new PACCAR truck sales was 25.0% in 2024 compared to 24.0% in 2023. 23 PFS revenues increased to $2.10 billion in 2024 from $1.81 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by portfolio growth in all markets except Europe. The effects of currency translation decreased PFS revenues by $23.5 million in 2024, primarily due to a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the Brazilian real and Mexican peso. PFS income before income taxes decreased to $435.6 million in 2024 from $540.3 million in 2023, primarily due to lower operating lease margins, reflecting lower results on returned lease assets, partially offset by higher finance margins from a higher asset portfolio and higher portfolio yields. The effect of currency translation decreased PFS income before income taxes by $8.7 million in 2024, primarily due to a decrease in the value of the Brazilian real and Mexican peso relative to the U.S. dollar. Included in Financial Services, Other assets on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets are used trucks held for sale, net of impairments, of $396.5 million at December 31, 2024 and $309.8 million at December 31, 2023. These trucks are primarily units returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business, and also include trucks acquired from repossessions, through acquisitions of used trucks in trades related to new truck sales and trucks returned from residual value guarantees (RVGs). The Company recognized losses on used trucks, excluding repossessions, of $59.0 million in 2024 compared to gains of $43.5 million in 2023, including $40.3 million of losses on multiple unit transactions in 2024 compared to $12.3 million in 2023. Used truck losses related to repossessions, which are recognized as credit losses, were $9.8 million in 2024 and $4.6 million in 2023. The major factors for the changes in interest and fees, interest and other borrowing expenses and finance margin between 2024 and 2023 are outlined below: ($ in millions) INTEREST AND FEES INTEREST AND OTHER BORROWING EXPENSES FINANCE MARGIN 2023 $ 1,009.3 $ 500.6 $ 508.7 Increase (decrease) Average finance receivables 208.9 208.9 Average debt balances 107.9 (107.9 ) Yields 96.7 96.7 Borrowing rates 113.1 (113.1 ) Currency translation and other (19.0 ) (10.8 ) (8.2 ) Total increase 286.6 210.2 76.4 2024 $ 1,295.9 $ 710.8 $ 585.1 • Average finance receivables increased $2.84 billion (excluding foreign exchange effects), increasing interest and fees by $208.9 million in 2024, primarily due to higher average loan, finance lease and dealer wholesale balances in the U.S. and Canada, Mexico and Brasil. • Average debt balances increased $2.25 billion (excluding foreign exchange effects), increasing interest and other borrowing costs by $107.9 million in 2024, reflecting higher funding requirements for portfolio growth in loans, finance leases and dealer wholesale receivables. • Higher portfolio yields (7.3% in 2024 compared to 6.7% in 2023) increased interest and fees by $96.7 million. The higher portfolio yields were primarily due to higher market rates in all markets except Brasil. • Higher borrowing rates (4.7% in 2024 compared to 3.9% in 2023) increased interest and other borrowing expenses by $113.1 million and were primarily due to higher debt market rates in all markets except Brasil. • The currency translation effects reflect a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, primarily the Brazilian real and Mexican peso. 24 The following table summarizes operating lease, rental and other revenues and depreciation and other expenses: ($ in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 Operating lease and rental revenues $ 677.4 $ 751.8 Used truck sales 95.1 23.0 Insurance, franchise and other revenues 31.1 27.8 Operating lease, rental and other revenues $ 803.6 $ 802.6 Depreciation of operating lease equipment $ 544.7 $ 488.6 Vehicle operating expenses 67.8 73.1 Cost of used truck sales 98.1 24.1 Insurance, franchise and other expenses 7.9 4.9 Depreciation and other expenses $ 718.5 $ 590.7 The major factors for the changes in operating lease, rental and other revenues, depreciation and other expenses and lease margin between 2024 and 2023 are outlined below: ($ in millions) OPERATING LEASE, RENTAL AND OTHER REVENUES DEPRECIATION AND OTHER EXPENSES LEASE MARGIN 2023 $ 802.6 $ 590.7 $ 211.9 Increase (decrease) Used truck sales 72.2 74.0 (1.8 ) Results on returned lease assets 99.7 (99.7 ) Average operating lease assets (148.2 ) (132.1 ) (16.1 ) Revenue and cost per asset 78.2 85.1 (6.9 ) Currency translation and other (1.2 ) 1.1 (2.3 ) Total increase (decrease) 1.0 127.8 (126.8 ) 2024 $ 803.6 $ 718.5 $ 85.1 • Higher sales volume, partially offset by lower market prices of used truck on trade, increased revenues by $72.2 million and related depreciation and other expenses by $74.0 million. • Results on returned lease assets increased depreciation and other expenses by $99.7 million, primarily due to losses on sale of returned lease units in 2024 (compared to gains in 2023) and impairment on existing used truck inventories, mainly in Europe, as a result of lower used truck market values. • Average operating lease assets decreased $365.9 million (excluding foreign exchange effects), which decreased revenues by $148.2 million and related depreciation and other expenses by $132.1 million. • Revenue per asset increased $78.2 million primarily due to higher average truck values financed. Cost per asset increased $85.1 million due to higher depreciation and operating expenses, mainly in Europe. Financial Services SG&A expense increased to $159.0 million in 2024 from $149.0 million in 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses and higher depreciation. As a percentage of average earning assets, Financial Services SG&A was .8% in 2024 and .8% in 2023. The following table summarizes the provision for losses on receivables and net : 2024 2023 ($ in millions) PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON RECEIVABLES NET CHARGE- OFFS PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON RECEIVABLES NET CHARGE- OFFS U.S. and Canada $ 42.5 $ 29.4 $ 7.9 $ 8.6 Europe 16.8 15.8 4.4 2.9 Mexico, Australia, Brasil and other 16.3 8.3 19.0 11.8 $ 75.6 $ 53.5 $ 31.3 $ 23.3 25 The provision for losses on receivables increased to $75.6 million in 2024 from $31.3 million in 2023, primarily driven by portfolio growth, an increase in the Company’s 30+ past due accounts and higher in the U.S. and Canada and Europe. The increased in 2024 included three large fleet customers in the U.S. and Canada and two large fleet customers in Europe. The higher in 2024 also reflected higher average loss severity in all markets from lower used truck market values. The Company modifies loans and finance leases as a normal part of its Financial Services operations. The Company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. Modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. Insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. Modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. The Company’s modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. When considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the Company evaluates the creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the Company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. The balances of accounts modified during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 are summarized below: 2024 2023 ($ in millions) AMORTIZED COST BASIS % OF TOTAL PORTFOLIO* AMORTIZED COST BASIS % OF TOTAL PORTFOLIO* Commercial $ 441.3 3.1 % $ 200.1 1.5 % Insignificant delay 223.0 1.5 % 2

[truncated]