BETA Close X Bridgepoint Group plc announced that Ruth Prior, Group Chief Financial Officer, received a grant of conditional share awards on March 31, 2026, outside of a trading venue. These awards, under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan and Deferred Annual Bonus Plan, involved 276,095 ordinary shares and 197,187 ordinary shares respectively, both at a nil price. Disclaimer* Bridgepoint Group plc 01 April 2026 Bridgepoint Group plc (the "Company") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ruth Prior 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Group Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Bridgepoint Group plc b) LEI 213800KFNMVI8PDZX472 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.00005 each Identification code ISIN: GB00BND88V85 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional share award under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 276,095 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 31 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.00005 each Identification code ISIN: GB00BND88V85 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional share award under the Company's Deferred Annual Bonus Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 197,187 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 31 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 59 minutes ago Getbusy 1 hour ago Currys 1 hour ago Helical 3 hours ago Gamma Communications All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and