BETA Close X Bridgepoint Group plc has published a circular and notice of General Meeting regarding its previously announced acquisition of Kayne Anderson Real Estate. The General Meeting, where shareholders will vote on resolutions related to the transaction, is scheduled for October 1, 2026, at Bridgepoint's London office. Electronic copies of the circular and proxy form are available on the company's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism for inspection. Disclaimer* Bridgepoint Group plc 11 September 2026 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN, INTO, OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION. Bridgepoint Group plc (" Bridgepoint " or the " Company ") Publication of Circular On 29 June 2026, Bridgepoint announced that it had agreed to acquire Kayne Anderson Real Estate (the " Transaction "). The Company is pleased to announce that a circular together with a notice of General Meeting in relation to the Transaction (the " Circular ") has been published today. The General Meeting to approve the Resolutions proposed in connection with the Transaction will be held at Bridgepoint's London office at 5 Marble Arch, London, United Kingdom, W1H 7EJ on Thursday, 1 October 2026 at 1:00 p.m. Bridgepoint confirms that, in compliance with UK Listing Rules 6.4.1R and 6.4.3R, electronic copies of the Circular and associated proxy form are available for download on Bridgepoint's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism, where each will be available shortly for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Unless otherwise defined in this announcement, defined terms used have the meaning given to them in the Circular. Important Notice The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable requirements. The information disclosed in this announcement may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of the United Kingdom. This announcement is not intended to, and does not constitute, or form part of, an offer to sell or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus or a prospectus equivalent document. Bridgepoint shareholders are advised to read carefully the Circular in relation to the Transaction which has been published today. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago W.A.G Payment Solutions 36 minutes ago Cohort 49 minutes ago QinetiQ Group 51 minutes ago Applied Nutrition Plc 1 hour ago BT Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and