Corporate Governance
Statement 2026
Beach Energy Limited | ABN 20 007 617 969
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
2
Contents
Part 1:   Introduction
3
Part 2:  The Board
4
Part 3:  Board Committees
8
Part 4:  Promote Ethical and Responsible behaviour
10
Part 5:  Recognise and Manage Risk
13
Part 6:  Disclosure to and communication
           with shareholders
15
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
3
This is a summary of Beach’s main corporate 
governance principles and practices. It explains how 
Beach followed the Corporate Governance Principles 
and Recommendations (fourth edition) (ASX 
Principles) during the financial year ended 30 June 
2026.
This statement is accurate and is up to date as at 
30 June 2026. The Board approved this statement on 
4 August 2026.
Beach’s purpose to ‘deliver leading shareholder returns 
through the sustainable supply of energy’ means we 
operate while maintaining high environmental, health 
and safety standards.  Beach conducts a business that 
values safety, creativity, respect, integrity, performance 
and teamwork. It has policies, procedures and systems 
designed to promote high standards of governance.
Beach regularly reviews its policies, procedures and 
systems. It updates them as required to reflect changes 
in governance standards and practice.
Details or summaries of Beach’s main policies are in 
the Corporate Governance section of Beach’s website .
Part 1 
Introduction
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
4
The respective roles and responsibilities of the Board 
and management are in Beach’s Board Charter. The 
Board Charter is available in the Corporate Governance 
section of Beach’s website.
2.1 The role of the Board and senior executives
The Board has general responsibility for overseeing the 
management of Beach. It approves Beach’s corporate 
strategy and annual budgets. It appoints the Managing 
Director and/or CEO (Chief Executive Officer). The 
Board also oversees and monitors Beach’s systems 
of risk management and internal control. It sets and 
monitors the performance of management against 
company goals. More specifically the Board:
	·
provides oversight and final approval of Beach’s 
corporate strategy;
	·
monitors senior executives’ implementation of 
Beach’s corporate strategy;
	·
approves and monitors the business plan, budget 
and corporate policies;
	·
monitors and assesses the performance of Beach 
and the Board itself;
	·
oversees the risk management framework and 
monitors material business risks;
	·
requires and monitors legal and regulatory 
compliance;
	·
oversees financial reporting processes and approves 
the final reports;
	·
oversees reserves and resources estimation and 
reporting processes and approves the final reports;
	·
monitors and reviews Beach’s policies and 
performance in relation to health, safety, 
environment, community relations, climate and 
other sustainability matters;
	·
ensures an effective system of internal controls 
exists and operates as expected;
	·
establishes Beach’s vision, mission, values and 
ethical standards to be reflected in its Code of 
Conduct;
	·
delegates an appropriate level of authority to 
management;
	·
appoints or dismisses, manages the performance 
and determines the remuneration of the Chief 
Executive Officer;
	·
approves and monitors the progress of major capital 
expenditure, capital management and acquisitions 
and divestments; and
	·
oversees the making of material disclosures to the 
market. 
The Board has delegated management of the company 
to the Chief Executive Officer and to senior executives. 
The Board has made the delegation through the Board 
Charter and an approved delegation of authority. The 
Chief Executive Officer and senior executives:
	·
implement the corporate strategy set by the Board;
	·
assume day to day responsibility for Beach’s 
conformance with relevant laws and regulations and 
its compliance framework;
	·
seek to achieve performance targets set by the 
Board;
	·
develop, implement and manage Beach’s risk 
management and internal control frameworks;
	·
provide sufficient and relevant information to the 
Board to enable the Board to effectively discharge 
its responsibilities; and
	·
conduct the business of Beach.
The Company Secretary is accountable to the Board 
through the Chairman on all matters to do with the 
proper functioning of the Board. The Board has direct 
access to the Company Secretary.
Group subsidiaries are managed in a manner 
consistent with Beach’s delegation of authority 
(approved by the Board) with group subsidiary 
directors being made up of senior executives of Beach.
Part 2
The Board
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
5
2.2 Board composition and skills, diversity 
and competencies
At the date of this report the Board has seven 
directors
 1. The 2026 Annual Report summarises:
	·
the skills, experience, qualifications and expertise of 
each director;
	·
their special responsibilities; and
	·
their term of office and the details of any directors 
who ceased during the period.
The Board regularly reviews its overall skills, 
experience, size and composition, and conducts 
a formal Board review annually (see section 2.6).  
These reviews ensure that the Board has the right 
combination of skills, experience, diversity and 
competence to oversee the achievement of Beach’s 
strategic and business objectives. 
1  During the reporting period, Mr Shaun Gregory was appointed a non-executive 
director on 1 September 2025 and Dr Peter Moore retired from the board on 12 
November 2025.
These regular reviews also inform the identification 
and recruitment of potential candidates as part of the 
Board’s succession planning.
Diagram 1 shows the Board’s own assessment 
against what it considers to be the desirable skills and 
experience to achieve the company’s strategic goals.
Board Diversity
Gender
Male
Female
5
2
Tenure
Years
No. of directors
9+
2
>6-9
1
>3-6
1
0-3
3
Diagram 1
High - extensive experience and deep understanding of the subject matter through senior management, Board/Committee or other organisational or industry roles
Developed - sound working knowledge and understanding of the subject matter through organisational, industry, Board/Committee roles or tertiary qualifications
Broad - broad awareness and understanding of the subject matter and its relevance to Beach
Skill Area
Description / Examples of skills and experience
Industry experience
Oil & gas, mining, infrastructure or major projects experience
Executive leadership/management
Directorships, senior management roles
Financial acumen
Ability to understand, interpret and apply financial information to make 
informed business decisions
Health, safety & environment
HSE experience, qualifications, training
Climate change and energy transition
Understanding of and/or experience in managing climate related risks & 
opportunities and overseeing strategies to respond to climate related risks 
and opportunities
Governance
Directorships, other organisational governance roles
Public policy
Government / stakeholder engagement, regulatory policy roles or experience
Strategy
M&A, setting, delivering organisational strategic objectives and business 
plans
International experience
Global or international organisation roles, experience with international assets 
or business
Risk
Risk identification, management, oversight
Information Technology
Understanding of or experience in information technology, digital 
transformation, cyber security, artificial intelligence
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
6
2.3 Directors’ independence
Beach effectively adopts the factors relevant 
to assessing the independence of a director as 
recommended by the ASX Principles.  Applying 
these principles, four out of the seven directors were 
considered independent for the whole of the period 
they were on the board. They are  Ms Sally-Anne 
Layman (Lead Independent Non-Executive Director), 
Mr Bruce Clement, Ms Sally Martin and Mr Shaun 
Gregory. Dr Peter Moore who retired during the 
reporting period was also an independent director.
Mr Richard Richards, who was appointed in February 
2017 and Mr Ryan Stokes AO, who was re-appointed 
in July 2023
 2 are both nominees of Beach’s largest 
shareholder, SGH Limited (SGH) and its related 
corporations, who collectively have a relevant interest 
in 30.02% of the shares of Beach.  As a result, Mr 
Richards and Mr Stokes, who is the Chair of the Board, 
are not independent directors.
Mr Richards is the Chief Financial Officer of SGH 
and Mr Stokes AO is the Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer of SGH.  Arrangements appropriate 
to the appointment of a director representing a 
large shareholder have been agreed with SGH, Mr 
Richards and Mr Stokes AO to protect the confidential 
information of the Beach group and address any 
potential conflicts of interest that may arise.
Mr Brett Woods is the Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer of Beach and accordingly is not an 
independent director.
2.4 Re-election of directors, director selection 
and board renewal
The constitution of Beach and the ASX Listing Rules 
require that at each annual general meeting any 
director appointed since the last annual general 
meeting to fill a casual vacancy must retire.  In 
addition, one third of directors (excluding a Managing 
Director and any director appointed since the last 
annual general meeting to fill a casual vacancy) and 
any other director who would otherwise be in office 
2  Mr Stokes was originally appointed a director on 20 July 2016, retired in November 
2021 (but remained an alternate director for Ms Margaret Hall) and was re-appointed 
on 23 July 2023
for 3 or more years at the end of the meeting, must 
retire from office.  Retiring directors are eligible for re-
election.
The Board reviews the performance of a retiring 
director before accepting their offer to stand for re-
election.
The review includes an assessment of that director’s 
competencies and ongoing capacity and commitment 
to fulfil the role. A director offering themselves for re-
election must confirm they have enough time to meet 
their obligations to Beach.
Beach gives shareholders all pertinent information 
that it has relevant to the decision whether to elect or 
re-elect a director. The Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee oversees the Board succession planning 
process. The Board may, with the help of external 
consultants, select a candidate or candidates.
In assessing candidates for appointment to the Board, 
consideration is given to the optimal mix of skills, 
experience and diversity which will best position the 
Board to oversee the delivery of Beach’s strategy and 
business objectives including skills and competencies 
to oversee strategies designed to respond to climate 
related risks and opportunities. As Beach operates 
in a dynamic environment, the skills and experiences 
needed to contribute to the company’s growth and 
success may change over time. Also, depending on the 
composition of the Board at the time, specific skills and 
experience may be sought to meet a specific need. 
Candidates are given information about the company 
and the expectations of the role. This includes the time 
and other contributions required, and the remuneration 
offered. The candidate must confirm they have enough 
time to meet their obligations to Beach. Appropriate 
checks are made of the candidate’s character and skills 
to undertake the role of a director.
Beach has a program for the induction of new 
directors. The program includes a HS&E induction, 
meetings with management and site visits as required.
Beach has a written agreement with each director 
and senior executive setting out the terms of their 
appointment.
 
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
7
2.5 Independent professional advice and access 
to information and professional development
Each director has the right to independent advice 
about their rights, duties and obligations in relation to 
Beach. Beach may pay the costs of any advice obtained 
with the Chairman’s prior approval.
Directors have access to Beach information, records 
and employees. That access is subject to obligations 
of confidentiality and privacy.  Directors also receive 
copies of all market announcements promptly after 
release.
Directors may ask Beach management for reports or 
information to help make informed decisions about 
Beach. This is separate to regular reports given by 
management. Directors make the requests through the 
Board meeting or Chief Executive Officer.
Beach offers training to help directors maintain the 
skills and knowledge they need to perform their roles.  
2.6 Performance evaluation
Beach evaluates the performance of the Board, each 
committee and individual directors, including the Chief 
Executive Officer, annually.  A review was undertaken 
in respect of the reporting period. Directors were 
each required to complete a questionnaire providing 
feedback on the performance of the board and its 
committees.  The Chair then met with each director 
individually to discuss the performance of the board 
and its committees and to provide any individual 
feedback.
The Chief Executive Officer reviews the performance 
of senior executives against key performance 
indicators linked to Beach’s objectives. Those reviews 
took place for this reporting period.
2.7 Directors and senior executives’ 
remuneration
The following is set out in the remuneration report 
contained in the 2026 Annual Report:
	·
details of Beach’s remuneration policies and 
practices;
	·
the remuneration structure for non-executive 
directors, the Chief Executive Officer and other 
senior executives; and
	·
the remuneration paid to non-executive directors, 
the Chief Executive Officer and other key 
management personnel.
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
8
The Board committee structure during the reporting 
period was as follows:
	·
Audit & Risk Committee;
	·
Remuneration and Nomination Committee; and
	·
Technical Committee.
Each committee operates under a specific charter 
approved by the Board. The charters are available in 
the  Corporate Governance section of Beach’s website.
Details of the number of committee meetings held and 
their attendees are set out in the Directors’ Report in 
the 2026 Annual Report at page 78. Further details of 
the qualifications of each committee’s members are 
set out in the Directors’ Report from page 74. 
The Board considers the composition of each 
committee at least annually.
During the reporting period the composition and 
chairmanship of each committee met the requirements 
of the ASX Principles.
3.1 Audit & Risk Committee (ARC)
The ARC’s members are Ms Layman (chair), Mr 
Richards, and Mr Clement. The majority of members 
are independent non-executive directors, and it is 
chaired by an independent director. 
The role of the ARC is to assist the Board in fulfilling 
its corporate governance and oversight responsibilities 
relating to financial accounting practices, external 
financial reporting, climate-related disclosures, 
financial reporting risk management, enterprise risk 
management, internal control, and external audit.  
This includes reviewing and monitoring related party 
transactions. A copy of the ARC charter can be 
found here.
The committee members have the following specific 
attributes relevant to the committee:
	·
financial acumen;
	·
technical industry knowledge; and
	·
experience in risk management and oversight.
The committee meets at least three times each year. 
It may in its discretion invite additional people to 
meetings, including the external auditor, the internal 
auditor, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief 
Financial Officer.
The composition of the committee satisfies the 
requirements of the ASX Principles. Even so, some 
proxy adviser and shareholder groups recommend that 
all audit committee members should be independent. 
One of Beach’s ARC members, Mr Richards, is a 
shareholder nominee director.  Mr Richards has 
significant financial expertise and is an experienced 
Chief Financial Officer. He is not an independent 
director, but the majority of the committee are 
independent directors.
The ARC Charter was reviewed during the reporting 
year.
3.2 Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee (RNC)
The majority of the members of the RNC are 
independent non-executive directors, and it is chaired 
by an independent director. The committee’s members 
are Ms Martin (chair) Ms Layman and Mr Stokes
 3.
The role of the RNC is to assist the Board in fulfilling 
its corporate governance and oversight responsibilities 
in relation to director and senior executive succession, 
company remuneration policies and practices and 
diversity.  A copy of the RNC charter can be found 
here.
The members of this committee have the following 
specific attributes:
	·
industry knowledge;
	·
governance expertise; and
	·
experience in leadership and senior management 
roles.
It is common practice for the Chief Executive Officer 
to attend meetings of the RNC to, among other things, 
report on and or seek approval of senior executive 
remuneration, but they are not present during 
meetings (or the Board) where their own remuneration 
or performance is being discussed or reviewed.   
The RNC Charter was reviewed during the reporting 
year.
3  Dr Moore was chair of the RNC until his retirement on 12 November 2025
Part 3 
Board Committees
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
9
3.3 Technical Committee 
The members of the Technical Committee are Mr 
Clement (chair), Mr Richards, Ms Martin and 
Mr Gregory
 4.
A majority of the members of the committee are 
independent and it is chaired by an independent 
director.   
The role of the committee is to assist the Board in 
fulfilling its corporate governance and oversight 
responsibilities in relation to the execution of 
significant operational and technical matters including 
reserves and resources, project delivery, climate-
related risks and opportunities and health, safety and 
environment.  A copy of the Technical Committee 
charter can be found here.
The Technical Committee Charter was reviewed during 
the reporting year. 
4  Dr Moore was also a member of the Technical Committee until his retirement on 
12 November 2025	
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
10
4.1 Code of Conduct
Beach has a Code of Conduct (which was reviewed 
and updated during the reporting year) that sets out 
standards of behaviour expected of its directors, 
employees and contractors. Those standards require:
	·
compliance with the laws that govern Beach and its 
operations;
	·
its people to act honestly and with integrity and 
fairness in all dealings with others and each other;
	·
avoidance or management of conflicts of interest;
	·
Beach’s assets to be used properly and efficiently for 
Beach’s benefit;
	·
exemplary corporate citizenship.
The Code of Conduct requires each person to report 
breaches of the Code of which they become aware.
4.2 Tax Transparency 
The Beach Taxation Policy recognises Beach’s 
responsibility to pay tax to all revenue authorities 
globally according to the tax rules and legislation of 
the jurisdictions in which it operates.  Beach manages 
tax risk in the same manner as any other operational 
risk, employs staff with appropriate qualifications and 
experience to manage its tax obligations, engages 
with revenue authorities (including the Australian 
Taxation Office and New Zealand Inland Revenue) 
in a transparent and cooperative manner, takes a 
conservative approach to tax planning and ensures that 
transactions are managed with a low level of tax risk.  
Beach is also a signatory to the Board of Taxation’s 
Tax Transparency Code which is a set of principles 
and minimum standards to guide businesses on 
public disclosure of tax information.  Beach releases 
an annual Tax Contribution Report following the 
recommendations outlined in the Tax Transparency 
Code to demonstrate its support of the public 
interest in the integrity of tax systems, and enhanced 
disclosure of taxes paid. Beach’s Taxation Policy and 
FY25 Tax Contribution Report are available in the 
Corporate Governance section of the Beach website. 
4.3 Modern Slavery
In December 2025, Beach published its fifth Modern 
Slavery Statement which describes among other 
things, the types of modern slavery risks in Beach’s 
operations and supply chains, the actions taken by 
Beach to combat modern slavery and the effectiveness 
of those actions as assessed.   
The 2025 Modern Slavery Statement and Human 
Rights Policy are available in the Corporate Governance 
section of Beach’s website.
4.4 Other Key Policies
To complement the Code of Conduct, Beach has a 
Whistleblower Policy to encourage the reporting 
of inappropriate behaviour free from reprisal or 
intimidation. Beach also has an Anti-Bribery and Anti-
Corruption Compliance Policy.
The Code of Conduct, Taxation Policy, Human Rights 
Policy, Whistleblower Policy and Anti-Bribery and 
Anti-Corruption Compliance Policy are available in the 
Corporate Governance section of Beach’s website.
4.5 Trading in Beach securities
Beach’s Share Trading Policy restricts directors and 
employees from dealing in its securities where price 
sensitive information may be known within Beach but 
is not generally available. Dealing is also restricted in 
non-trading periods.
Directors, senior executives and other designated 
employees must seek approval if they intend to deal in 
Beach securities. They will only be given approval if the 
proposed dealing complies with the policy. 
The policy also prohibits directors and employees 
from hedging unvested securities, such as unvested 
performance rights or rights that are vested but under 
a holding lock, issued under a Beach equity-based 
incentive plan.
Also, directors must provide details of their dealings 
in Beach securities within two business days of the 
dealing, so Beach can give notice to ASX on their 
behalf.
Part 4 
Promote Ethical and 
Responsible Behaviour
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
11
To ensure that the policy is being complied with, Beach 
monitors transactions through its share registry. Beach 
checks that a transaction corresponds with notice that 
has been made and approval that has been given.  The 
Share Trading Policy can be viewed in the Corporate 
Governance section of Beach’s website.
4.6 Diversity
Beach is committed to creating an inclusive culture and 
working environment. Consistent with this objective, 
Beach has adopted a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Policy which is available in the Corporate Governance 
section of its website. Key principles to implement this 
policy include:
	·
aim to create a workforce that is reflective of our 
society, knowing that by doing so, we enhance the 
capability of Beach;
	·
ensure leaders work in partnership with their teams 
to create and sustain an inclusive workplace where 
the individual uniqueness and breadth of talents, 
beliefs, backgrounds and capabilities are valued;
	·
ensure that decisions affecting employment, 
training, promotion and career development are 
grounded in the principle of merit and support our 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion goals; and
	·
endeavour to protect our employees from any 
form of adverse treatment because of a perception 
related to individual differences 
Consistent with our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Policy, the Board sets measurable objectives for 
achieving gender diversity and measures our progress 
against achieving those objectives.  The FY24 - FY26 
Beach Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) Strategy 
and Action Plan was implemented to assist with this. 
Beach’s progress against these objectives during FY26 
is summarised in the following table.
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
12
Objective / Metric 
FY26 Progress
Comments
Maintain representation of women on 
Executive Leadership Team
FY24: 22%
FY25: 38%
38% 
3 of the 8 members 
of the Executive 
Leadership Team 
(CEO and senior 
executive direct 
reports) are women
The Executive Leadership Team was stable throughout 
FY27, resulting in no change against this metric and the 
target representation being achieved. 
Increase representation of women on 
Senior Leadership Team
FY24: 15%
FY25: 17%
16%
Changes to the structure of the Senior Leadership Team 
has resulted in a reduced overall representation of 
women at this level.
Increase representation of women in 
leadership (all People Leaders)
FY24: 20%
FY25: 18%
19%
The representation of women in leadership roles across 
the company has improved over FY26 in comparison to 
FY25.
Increase representation of women 
employees in technical roles 
(office based)
FY24: 15%
FY25: 18%
21%
There has been significant improvement against this 
metric for a 12-month period, representing strong 
continued performance since FY24.
Female Board representation >= 30%
FY24: 29%
FY25: 29%
29%
No change in Board composition in FY26; 2 out of the
7 directors are female.
Increase representation of women 
employees at all levels (proportion 
of men and women across whole 
workforce)
FY24: Women: 25% /  Men: 75%
FY25: Women: 26% /  Men: 74%
Women: 28%
Men: 72%
Continued improvement achieved since FY23, 
representing strong year-on-year performance against 
this metric
Table 2
Beach has a number of other policies, including the 
Indigenous Participation Policy, which support the 
creation of a more inclusive, flexible, diverse and safe 
culture and workplace.  These policies are reviewed 
periodically and are available on the Corporate 
Governance section of Beach’s website.
Consistent with these policies, Beach reflects its 
commitment to genuinely engage and support 
indigenous communities directly and through our 
supply chains. 
For personal use only
2026 Beach Energy Limited I Corporate Governance Statement
13
5.1 Risk oversight and management
Managing risk is critical for Beach to achieve its 
purpose of delivering shareholder returns through the 
sustainable supply of energy.
5.2 Risk management framework
The Beach risk management framework provides 
guidance to identify, understand, manage and report 
risks.  This framework was reviewed during the 
reporting year.  
As specified in its charter, the Board has responsibility 
for overseeing Beach’s risk management framework 
and monitoring its material business risks.
Beach has an Executive Committee comprising the 
Chief Executive Officer and senior executives. It meets 
regularly and, through the Executive Vice President 
Legal, Corporate Affairs & Risk and the Chief Executive 
Officer, reports to the ARC, being the committee of the 
Board responsible for the oversight of risk management 
(see section 3.1).
The ARC’s role is set out in its charter and is available 
here. The committee’s role includes the following:
	·
ensure there is an appropriate enterprise risk 
management framework and process that identifies, 
reports and manages risk including enterprise, 
financial, regulatory, climate related and emerging 
risks
	·
annually review the enterprise risk management 
framework to ensure it remains appropriate given 
the Company, best practice, external issues and 
current regulation;
	·
regularly review material risks and manage actions 
and consider that the residual risk is appropriate. 
The key documents that record the risk management 
process at Beach are the following:
	·
the Risk Management Policy (found in the Corporate 
Gover