BETA Close X Burgundy C Nominees Limited has completed a secondary placing of 19,736,124 ordinary shares in Bridgepoint Group plc at 316 pence per share, representing approximately 2% of the company's issued shares, on behalf of current and former employees and related persons. The company itself is not a party to this placing and will not receive any proceeds. A further 61 million shares held by the seller will be subject to a 90-day lock-up period following the successful completion of this transaction. Disclaimer* BNP Paribas London 28 July 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, INTO OR IN THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH OFFERS OR SALES WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM AN OFFER OF SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH ANY SUCH OFFER WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. 28 July 2026 Results of Secondary Placing in Bridgepoint Group plc ("Bridgepoint" or the "Company") Further to the announcement on 27 July 2026, Burgundy C Nominees Limited (the " Seller ") has sold, in aggregate, 19,736,124 ordinary shares in Bridgepoint (the " Placing Shares ") at a price of 316 pence per Placing Share on behalf of a group of 37 current and former Bridgepoint employees as well as certain related persons (the " Selling Shareholders ") through a placing to institutional investors (the " Placing "). As of 27 July 2026 (being the latest practicable date prior to this announcement), the Placing Shares represent approximately 2 per cent. of the Company's issued ordinary shares (the " Shares "). Following successful completion of the Placing, any remaining Shares owned by the Seller for the benefit of the Selling Shareholders (being, in aggregate, approximately 61 million Shares) will be subject to a 90 day lock-up, subject to customary exceptions and waiver by the Bookrunner. The Company is not a party to the Placing and will not receive any proceeds from the Placing. BNP PARIBAS is acting as sole bookrunner in connection with the Placing (the " Bookrunner "). For further information, please contact: BNP PARIBAS Equity Capital Markets: Tom Snowball / Lauren Davies Corporate Broking: Sam McLennan / Andrew Forrester +44 (0) 20 7595 2000 IMPORTANT NOTICE The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended and supplemented. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. The contents of this announcement have been prepared by and are the sole responsibility of the Seller. The publication or distribution or release of this announcement and the Placing of the Placing Shares as set out in this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This announcement is for information purposes only and shall not constitute or form part of an offer to buy, sell, issue, acquire or subscribe for, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, sell, issue, acquire or subscribe for any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. No action has been taken that would permit an offering of such shares or possession or distribution of this announcement or any other offering or publicity material relating to such shares in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of such jurisdictions. Members of the general public are not eligible to take part in the Placing. This announcement and any offer of securities to which it relates are only addressed to and directed at: (1) in any member state of the European Economic Area, persons who are qualified investors in such member state within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the " Prospectus Regulation ") (" Qualified Investors "); or (2) in the United Kingdom, persons who are qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and who: (a) have professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the " Order "); (b) fall within article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order or; (c) are persons to whom an offer of the Placing Shares may otherwise lawfully be made (" relevant persons "). The information regarding the Placing set out in this announcement must not be acted on or relied on by persons in the European Economic Area who are not Qualified Investors or by persons in the United Kingdom who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available in the European Economic Area only to Qualified Investors and in the United Kingdom only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with such persons. In particular, this announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer to buy, sell, issue, acquire or subscribe for, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, sell, issue, acquire, or subscribe for any securities in any jurisdiction into which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. The Placing Shares have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " Securities Act "), or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered, sold or transferred, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Placing Shares are being offered and sold (a) outside the United States in offshore transactions as defined in, and pursuant to, Regulation S under the Securities Act, or (b) in the United States only to persons reasonably believed to be "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act) in transactions pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offering of the Placing Shares in the United States. No offer and sale of Placing Shares is or will be made in Canada, except to persons who are: (a) an "accredited investor" within the meaning of Section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus Exemptions (" NI 45-106 ") of the Canadian Securities Administrators or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario) (the " OSA "), as applicable, and is either purchasing the Placing Shares as principal for its own account, or is deemed to be purchasing the Placing Shares as principal for its own account in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws, for investment only and not with a view to resale or redistribution; (b) such person was not created or used solely to purchase or hold the Placing Shares as an accredited investor under NI 45-106; (c) a "permitted client" within the meaning of National Instrument 31-103 - Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (" NI 31-103 ") of the Canadian Securities Administrators; and (d) entitled under applicable Canadian securities laws to purchase the Placing Shares without the benefit of a prospectus under such securities laws. The offer and sale of securities referred to herein has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the applicable securities laws of Australia, Canada, Japan or South Africa. Subject to certain exceptions, the Placing Shares referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia, Japan or South Africa or to, or for the account or benefit of, any national, resident or citizen of Australia, Japan or South Africa. No public offering of the securities referred to herein is being made in the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, South Africa or any other jurisdiction. No prospectus or offering document has been or will be prepared in connection with the Placing. The publicly available information of the Company is not the responsibility of, and has not been independently verified by, the Seller, the Bookrunner, or any of their respective affiliates (as such term is defined under Rule 501(b) of Regulation D of the Securities Act) (each, an "Affiliate"). The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. In connection with the Placing, the Bookrunner or any of its Affiliates may take up a portion of the Placing Shares as a principal position and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell for their own accounts such Placing Shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the Placing or otherwise. Accordingly, references to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, the Bookrunner and any of its Affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The Bookrunner does not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so. A communication that a transaction is or that the book is "covered" (i.e. indicated demand from investors in the book equals or exceeds the amount of the securities being offered) is not any indication or assurance that the book will remain covered or that the transaction and securities will be fully distributed by the Bookrunner. The Bookrunner reserves the right to take up a portion of the securities in the offering as a principal position at any stage at its sole discretion, inter alia, to take account of the objectives of the Seller, UK MiFID II requirements and in accordance with allocation policies. The Bookrunner is acting for the Seller in connection with the Placing and no-one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Seller for providing advice in relation to the Placing or any other matter referred to in this announcement. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is or will be made as to, or in relation to, and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by the Bookrunner or by any of its Affiliates or agents as to, or in relation to, the accuracy or completeness of this announcement or any other written or oral information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers, and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed. This announcement includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms "intends", "expects", "will", or "may", or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. Any forward-looking statements are subject to risks relating to future events and assumptions. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements in this announcement will be realised. As a result, no undue reliance should be placed on these forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results or otherwise. This announcement does not purport to identify or suggest the risks (direct or indirect) which may be associated with an investment in the Company's securities. The price of shares and the income from them may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the full amount invested on disposal of the shares. Acquiring Placing Shares to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing all of the amount invested. Past performance is no guide to future performance and persons needing advice should consult an independent financial advisor. This announcement does not represent the announcement of a definitive agreement to proceed with the Placing and, accordingly, there can be no certainty that the Placing will proceed. The Seller reserves the right not to proceed with the Placing or to vary the terms of the Placing in any way. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and