BETA Close X Bridgepoint Group plc announced that on March 12, 2026, Guy Weldon, Group Managing Partner, received 4,178,510 ordinary shares from his wife, Sarah Weldon, for no consideration. This transaction did not change the aggregate beneficial holding of Guy Weldon and persons closely associated with him. The shares were transferred outside of a trading venue. Disclaimer* Bridgepoint Group plc 16 March 2026 Bridgepoint Group plc (the "Company") Notification of transactions by person discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMR") and persons closely associated with them On 12 March 2026 Guy Weldon, Group Managing Partner and PDMR, received 4,178,510 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company from his wife, Sarah Weldon, for no consideration. Following this transaction, the aggregate beneficial holding of Guy Weldon (together with persons closely associated with him) remains unchanged. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Guy Weldon 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Group Managing Partner b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Bridgepoint Group plc b) LEI 213800KFNMVI8PDZX472 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.00005 each Identification code ISIN: GB00BND88V85 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of ordinary shares from spouse for no consideration. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 4,178,510 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Sarah Weldon 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Person closely associated with Guy Weldon, Group Managing Partner b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Bridgepoint Group plc b) LEI 213800KFNMVI8PDZX472 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.00005 each Identification code ISIN: GB00BND88V85 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of ordinary shares to spouse for no consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 4,178,510 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago W.A.G Payment Solutions 36 minutes ago Cohort 49 minutes ago QinetiQ Group 51 minutes ago Applied Nutrition Plc 1 hour ago BT Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and