Charter Hall Retail REIT
Corporate Governance 
Statement 2026
ASX:CQR
For personal use only
2
Comprising the registered managed  
investment scheme Charter Hall Retail REIT  
(ARSN 093 143 965).
Our commitment to 
corporate governance
Charter Hall Retail REIT (REIT) is a 
registered managed investment 
scheme listed on the ASX ticker  
code CQR. The Responsible Entity is  
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited 
(CHRML), a member of the Charter 
Hall Group (Charter Hall or the Group). 
CHRML’s role is defined by the REIT’s 
Constitution, the Corporations Act  
and Regulations and the general law.
The CHRML Board of Directors (Board) provides the 
leadership and direction for the REIT, including setting 
the tone in relation to good governance, which is 
critical to achieving the REIT’s objectives.
The REIT’s governance framework - summarised in 
this Corporate Governance Statement (Statement), 
is designed to ensure that the REIT itself is effectively 
managed, that we continue to meet our statutory 
obligations, that we reinforce our culture and integrity, 
and that we always act in the best interests of our 
Securityholders.
The governance framework in turn takes its lead 
from the Corporate Governance Principles and 
Recommendations (4th Edition) published in  
February 2019 by the ASX Corporate Governance 
Council (ASX Corporate Governance Principles), and 
any departure from these Principles is noted below. 
This Statement provides a summary of the key 
governance practices in place (unless stated 
otherwise) which were followed throughout the 
financial year ended 30 June 2026.
Copies of key policies can be found on  
our website at www.charterhall.com.au. 
Contents
Principle 1.................................................................................4
Principle 2................................................................................9
Principle 3..............................................................................12
Principle 4..............................................................................14
Principle 5..............................................................................16
Principle 6.............................................................................. 17
Principle 7..............................................................................19
Principle 8.............................................................................22
Cover: Secret Harbour Square, Secret Harbour WA 
Whadjuk Noongar land
Left: Salamander Bay Squarel, Salamander Bay NSW 
Worimi land
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Corporate Governance Statement 2026
 3 
For personal use only
4
Principle 1
Lay solid foundations for 
management and oversight 
Roles of the Board  
and management
ASX Recommendation 1.1
A listed entity should disclose a board 
charter setting out:
a.	 the respective roles and responsibilities of 
its board and management; and
b.	 those matters expressly reserved to the 
board and those delegated to management. 
CHRML as Responsible Entity of the REIT has various 
management arrangements in place with the REIT. 
A summary of these arrangements can be found 
on our website at www.charterhall.com.au in the 
‘Corporate Governance’ section. In addition, CHRML 
as Responsible Entity of the REIT, has also appointed 
a wholly owned subsidiary in the Charter Hall Group 
to provide various property and asset management 
services for the REIT. The Board regularly receives 
reports from Charter Hall executives and senior 
managers that have responsibility for the business 
activities of the REIT in relation to the services 
provided by Charter Hall and any other material 
matters that the Board should be aware of. The 
overarching responsibility of the Board is to add long-
term value to all Securityholders. As such, the Board 
is accountable to Securityholders for how the REIT is 
managed and for its overall strategy, governance and 
performance. 
The Board, in overseeing the services provided by 
Charter Hall and the Charter Hall executives and senior 
managers who have responsibility for the business 
activities of the REIT, endeavours to create a culture 
of challenge and accountability in the way which 
Board meetings are conducted, to ensure the REIT is 
managed in a way that is consistent with its strategy.
Certain matters are reserved for the Board, however 
there are some matters that the Board can delegate 
to Board Committees and management. The Board’s 
functions and responsibilities are set out in the  
Board Charter, which is available on our website  
in the ‘Corporate Governance’ section. Those  
Charter Hall executives and senior managers that have 
responsibility for the business activities of the REIT 
have delegated authority to make decisions in respect 
of the day-to-day management of the REIT  
and its assets.
Information regarding Directors
ASX Recommendation 1.2
A listed entity should:
a.	 undertake appropriate checks before 
appointing a director or senior executive or 
putting someone forward for election as a 
director; and 
b.	 provide securityholders with all material 
information in its possession relevant to 
a decision on whether or not to elect or 
re-elect a director.
Directors of this Board are appointed by Charter Hall, 
as it is a member of the Group. Senior executives, 
who provide services to the REIT are also employed 
by Charter Hall, and CHRML does not have any 
employees. In this regard Recommendation 1.2 does 
not apply, however before anyone can be nominated 
to the Board as a Non-Executive Director (NED), their 
experience and background is reviewed by the Charter 
Hall Nomination Committee and the Independent 
CHRML Directors. A background check is conducted 
on all prospective directors and senior executives, 
who will be providing services to the REIT, prior to their 
appointment, typically including reference checks, 
assessment of experience, employment history, 
directorships and shareholdings, education, criminal 
record and bankruptcy history. 
Securityholders receive a summary biography of each 
Non-Executive Director who is put forward for election 
or re-election in the Notice of Meeting for each 
Annual Securityholder Meeting. This summary details 
that person’s experience and skills, details of any 
other directorships or interests they have that could 
hamper their ability to make objective judgments, 
how long they have been on the Board (if they are 
up for re‑election), and whether or not the Board 
considers them independent. The Notice of Meeting 
also contains a statement by the Board as to whether 
it supports the election or re-election of the candidate. 
Details of Non‑Executive Directors are available on 
our website. The Securityholder resolution to consider 
the election or re-election of a Director is an advisory, 
non‑binding resolution.
Non-Executive Directors and 
senior executives to have written 
agreements setting out terms of 
appointment 
ASX Recommendation 1.3
A listed entity should have a written 
agreement with each director and senior 
executive setting out the terms of their 
appointment. 
Non-Executive Directors are appointed under a formal 
letter which sets out the key terms and conditions 
of their appointment, including the term, time 
commitment and details of their remuneration along 
with information on their requirement to disclose 
Director interests and comply with key corporate 
policies, when they can seek independent professional 
advice, indemnity and insurance arrangements and 
their rights of access to corporate information, as well 
as ongoing confidentiality obligations.
The Executive Directors and each senior manager 
with responsibility for the business activities of the 
REIT also have a formal job descriptions and letters 
of appointment from Charter Hall which sets out their 
duties and obligations, rights and responsibilities as 
well as entitlements. 
Company Secretary
ASX Recommendation 1.4
The Company Secretary of a listed entity 
should be accountable directly to the board, 
through the chair, on all matters to do with 
the proper functioning of the board.
The Company Secretary plays an important role 
in supporting the effectiveness of the Board. 
The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring 
that Board policy and procedures are followed, 
that the Board agenda and briefing materials are 
despatched in a timely manner, and that Board and 
Committee meetings are captured accurately in the 
minutes. They are also responsible for advising the 
Board and Committees on all governance matters.
The Company Secretary engages any independent 
professional advisors that the Board or Board 
Committee have asked for, and helps to organise and 
facilitate the induction and professional development 
of Directors.
All Directors have direct access to the 
Company Secretary.
The appointment and removal of the Company 
Secretary is a matter for decision by the Board  
as a whole.
Access to information
Each Director receives Board reports in advance of 
Board meetings containing sufficient information for 
them to participate in meaningful discussions on all 
agenda items.
This information is mainly supplied by the Retail 
CEO, senior Executives and the company Secretary. 
Directors can request additional information if they 
feel they need it to make informed decisions.
Independent professional advice
Directors are entitled to ask for independent 
professional advice at the cost of CHRML, and in some 
instances, at the cost of the REIT, in order for them to 
carry out their duties and functions (including their 
Board Committee functions) properly. An estimate 
of costs must first be approved by the Chair, prior 
to the engagement of any external consultants or 
professional advisors.
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Principle 1 | 5 
4
For personal use only
6
Governance framework 
The section below summarises the REIT’s governance 
framework, including the functions reserved for 
the Board and those carried out by the standing 
Board Committees.
CHRML Board
The Board formally delegates certain functions to 
Board Committees and to management via formal 
Board and Committee charters.
Board key functions
The Board directly retains responsibility  
for a range of matters including:
	
–
overseeing the REIT’s purpose and  
strategic direction
	
–
monitoring the operational and financial  
position and performance of the REIT
	
–
overseeing the REIT’s risk  
management framework
	
–
setting the financial and informational  
reporting requirements from management  
to the Board	
	
–
reporting to Securityholders and the ASX
	
–
monitoring the effectiveness of and compliance 
with policies governing the operation of the REIT
	
–
reviewing and approving the annual 
operating budgets
	
–
determining the distribution and dividend  
policy and approving distributions	
	
–
approving decisions concerning the capital  
of the REIT.
Board Committees 
The Board has established an Audit Risk and 
Compliance Committee (ARCC) to assist the Board 
in the execution of its responsibilities. The ARCC 
operates under a specific Charter, which can be found 
in the ‘Corporate Governance’ section on our website.
The Charter states that the (ARCC) must have at 
least three non-executive members (a majority 
of Independent Directors) and be chaired by an 
Independent Non-Executive Director. 
The membership of the ARCC this year was as follows:
Board Committee
Membership
Audit, Risk and Compliance 
Committee
	
–
Sue Palmer (Chair)
	
–
Roger Davis
	
–
Michael Gorman
	
–
Paul Craig 
Committee memberships change from time to time, 
depending on what the Board requires and the 
Directors’ rotation policy.
Details of the number of Board and Committee 
meetings held during the year and the number of 
meetings attended by each Director are set out in  
the Directors’ Report.
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee (ARCC) 
key functions
To oversee and review:
	
–
the internal control and accountability systems
	
–
the financial reporting process, including significant 
accounting issues and judgements
	
–
the internal systems of risk management and 
control (ensuring that material business risks 
are identified)
	
–
compliance processes to meet legislative and 
regulatory requirements
	
–
actions taken by Management to address key  
risks delegated to this Committee.
	
–
Diversity
ASX Recommendation 1.5
A listed entity should:
a.	 have and disclose a diversity policy; 
b.	 through its board or a committee of 
the board set measurable objectives 
for achieving gender diversity in the 
composition of its board, senior executives 
and workforce generally; and
c.	 disclose in relation to each reporting period,:
1.	 the measurable objectives set for that 
period to achieve gender diversity;
2.	 the entity’s progress towards achieving 
those objectives; and
3.	 either:
i.	 the respective proportions of men 
and women on the board, in senior 
executive positions and across the 
whole workforce (including how the 
entity has defined “senior executive” 
for these purposes) or
ii.	 if the entity is a “relevant employer” 
under the Workplace Gender Equality 
Act, the entity’s most recent “Gender 
Equality Indicators” as defined in, and 
published under, that Act. 
CHRML does not employ staff directly; all employees 
working within the REIT’s business are provided  
by Charter Hall. For this reason, employees working 
within the REIT’s business are governed by  
Charter Hall policies.
Our business is complex, multi-faceted and often 
requires us to balance different priorities and 
viewpoints. To ensure we work to our potential, we 
welcome talented people from many backgrounds  
into our teams and ask them to contribute to the  
best of their abilities to what we do. 
To bring out the best in this talent, we also create 
the right environment – one where people genuinely 
celebrate and encourage difference and leverage it  
as a performance differentiator. 
A copy of our Inclusion Policy can be found on our 
website. This policy outlines key focus areas to help 
everyone we engage with realise their aspirations and 
get the most out of their relationship with us.
Gender diversity targets for 
Charter Hall Group
One of the ways we demonstrate our commitment to 
inclusion is a focus on gender diversity1. The targets 
we have set for gender representation are below: 
 
Actual
Target
Target
Board Committee
2025
2025
2030
Gender diversity  
on Group Board
29%
40/40/20
40/40/20
Gender diversity in 
Senior Executive 
positions2
43%
40/40/20
40/40/20
Female participation  
in the workplace
57%
50%
50%
1.	
Female participation targets were used in years prior to 2024. Gender 
diversity is a target of 40% for males and females, and 20% flexible for 
either gender or those who do not identify as either male or female.
2.	
The Managing Director & Group CEO is included in the Group Board, as 
such he is not included when calculating Senior Management for this 
purpose. 
Key highlights for FY26 include:
	
–
Continued to contribute to the Property  
Champions of Change as a founding member, 
bringing together the leading organisations across 
the property industry to ideate and deliver gender 
equity initiatives.
	
–
	Achieved Gold status in the annual Pride in Diversity 
Australian Workplace Equality Index. 
	
–
	Advanced our existing Innovate Reconciliation 
Action Plan (RAP) recognised by Reconciliation 
Australia.
	
–
	Maintained high employee engagement at 90% 
with a 95% participation rate, 97% of our people 
saying they would ‘recommend Charter Hall as an 
inclusive place to work for all people, regardless of 
gender identity, age, ethnicity, ability, religion and/or 
sexual orientation.’ 
Further detail can be found in our Sustainability 
FY26 Year in Review at www.charterhall.com.au/
sustainability.
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Principle 1 | 7 
6
For personal use only
8
Board performance  
ASX Recommendation 1.6
A listed entity should:
a.	 have and disclose a process for periodically 
evaluating the performance of the board, its 
committees and individual directors; and 
b.	 disclose, for each reporting period, whether 
a performance evaluation was undertaken in 
accordance with that process, during or in 
respect of that reporting period.
Even though this Recommendation does not apply 
to the REIT, CHRML considers it good governance 
and the Board regularly evaluates its performance 
and that of its Committees and individual Directors. 
These evaluations take place regularly throughout 
the year in closed sessions of the Board meetings, 
including during this reporting period. Separately, 
each Non-Executive Director must regularly complete 
a performance evaluation. This is collated and 
summarised by the Company Secretary. The Chair 
then distributes the summarised and anonymous 
results to all the Directors for discussion. 
Performance of  
senior executives
ASX Recommendation 1.7
A listed entity should:
a.	 have and disclose a process for evaluating 
the performance of its senior executives at 
least once every reporting period; and 
b.	 disclose, for each reporting period, whether 
a performance evaluation has been 
undertaken in accordance with that process 
during or in respect of that reporting period.
Executives and senior managers who have 
responsibility for the business activities of the  
REIT are employees of Charter Hall, and, as part 
of Charter Hall’s framework, undergo a formal 
assessment on at least an annual basis against 
performance criteria (Key Performance Indicator-
based financial and non-financial measures). The 
Board provides informal feedback, periodically as well 
as on an annual basis coinciding with Charter Hall’s 
framework, on the performance of the Retail CEO and 
other senior managers, but does not participate in their 
formal appraisal. This performance evaluation process 
was undertaken during the year. Senior executives 
can participate in continuing education to update and 
enhance their skills and knowledge.
An induction program for new senior executives 
ensures each person understands the REIT’s financial 
position, strategies, operations and risk management 
policies, as well as the responsibilities and roles of the 
Board and Management.
Principle 2
Structure the Board to be effective 
and add value
Nomination Committee
ASX Recommendation 2.1 
The Board of a listed entity should:
a.	 Have a nomination committee which:
1.	 has at least three members, a majority of 
which are independent directors; and
2.	 is chaired by an independent director; 
	
and disclose:
3.	 the charter of the committee;
4.	 the members of the committee; and 
5.	 as at the end of each reporting period, 
the number of times the committee met 
throughout the period and the individual 
attendances of the members at those 
meetings; or
b.	 if it does not have a nomination committee, 
disclose that fact and the processes it 
employs to address board succession 
issues and to ensure that the board has the 
appropriate balance of skills, knowledge, 
experience, independence and diversity 
to enable it to discharge its duties and 
responsibilities effectively.
Whilst the ASX Corporate Governance Principles 
recommend the establishment of a nomination 
committee, this Board does not consider it is 
necessary or appropriate to constitute a nomination 
committee for CHRML, given that CHRML is a 
subsidiary of Charter Hall.
The Board of Charter Hall (utilising its Nominations 
Committee) together with an Independent Director 
of the CHRML Board is responsible for overseeing 
the appointment of directors to the Responsible 
Entity of the REIT. However, the CHRML Board sets 
the composition and membership criteria, as well as 
the guidelines for Director selection and nominates 
candidates to the Board of Charter Hall for approval. 
In making sure the Board discharges its 
responsibilities effectively, it has set the following 
membership criteria:
	
–
the Board is to comprise a minimum  
of three and a maximum of ten Directors;
	
–
Directors nominated for election require 
approval by the Charter Hall Board via its 
Nominations Committee;
	
–
a majority of the Directors must be independent;
	
–
the Board is to comprise Directors with an 
appropriate range of qualifications and expertise;
	
–
the Chair of the Board will be appointed by the 
Charter Hall Board via its Nominations Committee.
Board skills matrix
ASX Recommendation 2.2
A listed entity should have and disclose 
a board skills matrix setting out the mix 
of skills that the board currently has or is 
looking to achieve in its membership. 
The Board is made up of Directors with a broad 
range of skills, expertise and experience who 
are able to effectively understand and manage 
the REIT’s business issues, review and challenge 
the performance of Management and optimise 
overall performance.
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Principle 2 | 9 
8
For personal use only
10
Directors must meet specific guidelines in order to 
be selected and nominated. The most important of 
these are:
	
–
integrity
	
–
particular expertise (sector and functional)
	
–
how their skills complement those of the existing 
Board members
	
–
reputation and standing in the market
	
–
in the case of prospective Independent Directors, 
actual and perceived independence from 
Charter Hall.
As the REIT is an externally managed entity, it 
is not required to develop a Board skills matrix. 
Notwithstanding this the Charter Hall Group’s 
Nomination Committee has developed a Board 
skills matrix. This matrix is used to identify any gaps 
in the skills and experience of the directors on the 
Board for the purposes of identifying the search and 
assessment criteria for new directors. Please  
view our matrix in the ‘Corporate Governance’  
section on our website.
Director independence
ASX Recommendation 2.3
A listed entity should disclose:
a.	 the names of the directors considered by 
the board to be independent directors; 
b.	 if a director has an interest, position, 
association or relationship of the type 
described below, but the board is of the 
opinion that it does not compromise the 
independence of the director, the nature 
of the interest, position or relationship in 
question and an explanation of why the 
board is of that opinion; and 
c.	 the length of service of each director.
ASX Recommendation 2.4 
A majority of the board of a listed entity 
should be independent directors.
Factors relevant for assessing the 
independence of a director:
Examples of interests, positions and 
relationships that might raise issues about the 
independence of a director or an entity include 
if the director:
	
–
is, or has been, employed in an executive 
capacity by the entity or any of its child 
entities and there has not been a period of 
at least three years between ceasing such 
employment and serving on the board
	
–
receives performance-based remuneration 
(including options or performance rights) 
from, or participates in an employee incentive 
scheme of, the entity
	
–
	is, or has been within the last three years, 
in a material business relationship (e.g., as 
a supplier, professional adviser, consultant 
or customer) with the entity or any of its 
child entities, or is an officer of, or otherwise 
associated with, someone with such a 
relationship
	
–
is, represents, or is or has been within the 
last three years an officer or employee of, or 
professional adviser to, a substantial holder
	
–
has close personal ties with any person who 
falls within any of the categories described 
above
	
–
has been a director of the entity for such 
a period that their independence from 
management and substantial holders may 
have been compromised.
In each case, the materiality of the interest, 
position or relationship needs to be assessed 
by the board to determine whether it might 
interfere, or might reasonably be seen to 
interfere, with the director’s capacity to bring 
an independent judgement to bear on issues 
before the board and to act in the best interests 
of the entity as a whole rather than in the 
interests of an individual security holder or 
other party.
The Board considers that a Director is independent if 
they are independent of management and free of any 
business or other relationship that could prevent them, 
or could reasonably be perceived to prevent them, 
making objective and independent judgements. 
Any interests or relationships that could be perceived 
to compromise independence are reviewed on a 
case-by-case basis.
This year, the Board was made up of two Executive 
Directors and four Non-Executive Directors. Each 
of the Non-Executive Directors is an Independent 
Director. Roger Davis is the Chair of the Board and  
is an Independent Non-Executive Director.
All directors are expected to meticulously disclose 
any relevant/material personal or family contract 
or relationship. Directors must also meet the 
requirements of our own policies and the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) as to when they  
can and cannot participate and vote around matters  
in which they may have an interest. 
The Board assesses on an annual basis, or 
more regularly if required, whether directors are 
independent, and each Director is required to  
provide information to the Board in this regard.
Name
Date of 
appointment
Independent 
(Yes/No)
Roger Davis  
Chair, Non-Executive 
Director
7 June 2018 
Yes
Sue Palmer  
Non-Executive Director
10 November 2015 Yes
Michael Gorman  
Non-Executive Director
10 November 2016 Yes
Paul Craig 
Non-Executive Director
4 July 2025
Yes
David Harrison 
Managing Director and 
Group CEO, Executive 
Director
1 March 2010
No
Ben Ellis 
Director, and  
Retail CEO
17 January 2022
No
Please refer to the Directors’ Report for further details 
on the Directors, for example their background, 
qualifications, expertise and period of service.
Non-Executive Directors of the Board meet regularly 
without management present, in order to consider 
matters independently.
	
–
The Chair of the Board
ASX Recommendation 2.5
The Chair of the board of a listed entity 
should be an independent director and, in 
particular, should not be the same person as 
the CEO of the entity. 
The Chair is responsible for leadership of the Board 
and for the efficient organisation and conduct of 
the Board. Their role is to contribute to a culture of 
openness and constructive challenge that allows for 
diversity of views to be considered by the Board and 
to ensure all directors contribute in an effective and 
respectful manner.
The current Chair is Roger Davis, an  
Independent Non-Executive Director. 
Induction program  
for Directors 
ASX Recommendation 2.6
A listed entity should have a program for 
inducting new directors and for periodically 
reviewing whether there is a need for 
existing directors to undertake professional 
development to maintain the skills and 
knowledge needed to perform their role as 
directors effectively.
Charter Hall supports its directors, including  
CHRML Directors, by offering:
	
–
an induction program for new Directors
	
–
annual performance self-assessment of the  
Board, ARCC, and individual Directors
	
–
access for Directors to continuing professional 
development, including Board briefings on material 
developments in law, regulation, accounting 
standards etc.
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Principle 2 | 11 
10
For personal use only
12
Principle 3
Instill a culture of acting lawfully, 
ethically and responsibly
Values and purpose
ASX Recommendation 3.1 
A listed entity should articulate and  
disclose its values.
As part of the Charter Hall Group, the Board endorses 
the overarching Charter Hall purpose and values. 
Charter Hall's purpose is to create better futures by 
driving val

---

est and related party 
transactions; 
	
–
provide/receive services that are not compromised 
or diminished by conflicts of interest.
The Charter Hall Related Party Transaction Policy (RPT 
Policy), as endorsed by the Board, provides guidance 
on the Management of related party transactions 
between Charter Hall-managed vehicles and their 
related parties and requires that:
	
–
related party transactions are identified and 
conducted on arm’s length terms
	
–
related party transactions are tested by reference  
to whether they meet market standards
	
–
recisions about transactions between the REIT 
and other Charter Hall-managed vehicles or its 
affiliates, are made by independent members of 
the Board.
The REIT has also established protocols for the  
Board in identifying and managing conflicts, including:
	
–
Board members must declare their interests as 
required under the Corporations Act, ASX Listing 
Rules and other general law requirements
	
–
Board members with a material personal interest 
in a matter are not to be present at a Board 
meeting during the consideration of the matter and 
subsequent vote unless the Board (excluding the 
relevant Board member) decides otherwise
	
–
Board members with a conflict not involving a 
material personal interest may be required to 
absent themselves from the relevant deliberations 
of the Board.
These Policies are available to view in the  
‘Corporate Governance’ section of our website.
Charter Hall also has conflicts protocols for dealing 
with competing acquisitions and divestments as well 
as leasing transactions. Such transactions may arise 
because Charter Hall is also the manager of other 
listed and unlisted vehicles, and the REIT may transact 
with them from time to time, or share employees or 
information with other Charter Hall companies or 
managed vehicles.
Internal audit
ASX Recommendation 7.3 
A listed entity should disclose: 
a.	 if it has an internal audit function, how 
the function is structured and what role it 
performs; or
b.	 if it does not have an internal audit function, 
that fact and the processes it employs 
for evaluating and continually improving 
the effectiveness of its governance, risk 
management and internal control processes. 
The Board places considerable importance on those 
Charter Hall employees or entities providing services 
to the REIT, maintaining a strong control environment 
through an organisation structure with clearly 
documented lines of accountability and authority. 
Charter Hall has outsourced the internal audit function 
to an appropriately qualified third party to provide an 
independent appraisal function for Management and 
the ARCC, based on systematic review and evaluation 
of the risk management and internal control processes 
of Charter Hall. The role and responsibilities of the 
internal auditor are documented in the Charter Hall 
Internal Audit Charter.
Sustainability
ASX Recommendation 7.4
A listed entity should disclose whether it has 
any material exposure to environmental or 
social risks and, if it does, how it manages or 
intends to manage those risks. 
As part of the Charter Hall Group, the REIT contributes 
to creating a sustainable future for our people, 
customers, and communities by driving value and 
mutual success.
We recognise sustainability is more than protecting 
the natural environment; it is about responding to 
the needs of our customers, achieving our long-term 
commercial goals and working in active partnership 
with our stakeholders to improve environmental, 
economic and social outcomes to support strong and 
resilient communities.
The Charter Hall Group Board has adopted a 
Sustainability Policy which outlines the process and 
framework for our practices, management, and 
reporting on sustainability. This includes the Group’s 
approach to climate change and its impact to the 
environment and communities in which we operate. 
This Policy has been adopted by the REIT. Business 
partners and suppliers are encouraged to also uphold 
the principles outlined in this Policy.
As a business, we remain committed to building 
resilience in our assets to support customers through 
resource efficiency, powering our operations with 
renewables and maintaining Net Zero emissions 
in operation. We actively manage the physical and 
transitional risks and opportunities of a changing 
climate. In its capacity as Fund Manager, Charter Hall 
acknowledges it has a duty to act in the interest of its 
investment partners.
In this fiduciary role, we believe that the integration of 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) creates 
long-term value for our assets, funds and portfolios. 
We implement our Group-wide Sustainability 
Framework to ensure we focus our efforts on what is 
most material to our business.
 Key highlights for FY26 include:
	
–
19.5MW of solar installed across 76% of shopping 
centres with suitable roof space contributing 
to achieving our Net Zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions1 from 1 July 2025;
	
–
 15.4MWh of installed battery capacity, improving 
the reliability and accessibility of onsite solar and 
reducing reliance on grid supplied electricity;
	
–
Won the SCCA Community Award for the ‘Drawing 
Us Together’ campaign, delivered across 17 
shopping centres and engaging 1,100+ students 
and 13 First Nations authors;
	
–
Continued support for the ‘Two is Better than One’ 
campaign, which delivered engaging activations for 
local families and funded 1,000+ Littles Care Packs 
for children in need;
	
–
Maintained 2nd place among listed Retail entities in 
Australia and New Zealand and maintained “A” level 
ranking under GRESB Public Disclosure;
	
–
Achieved “negligible risk” under Sustainalytics.
Further detail can be found in our Sustainability FY26 
Year in Review and Sustainability Report at  
www.charterhall.com.au/sustainability.
1. Our Net Zero target applies to Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for existing 
assets that fall under the operational control of responsible entities for 
which Charter Hall Limited is the controlling corporation. Where residual 
Scope 1 emissions are offset, Charter Hall will use high quality natur

---

on’s responsibilities and 
accountabilities around reporting and investigating 
unethical behaviour. These include Anti-Bribery, 
Fraud & Corruption, Risk Management Policy and 
Whistleblower Policy. Copies of these policies 
and Codes are on our website in the ‘Corporate 
Governance’ section.
Charter Hall employees regularly receive training 
on matters pertaining to ethical behaviour in the 
workplace. Topics covered during the year ending 
30 June 2026 included key aspects of the Groups’ 
governance policies, such as the Code of Conduct for 
employees, as well as financial crimes, whistleblowing 
and modern slavery. Any material breaches of the 
Codes or governance policies are reported to the 
ARCC.
ASX Recommendation 3.3
A listed entity should:
a.	 have and disclose a whistle-blower 
policy; and 
b.	 ensure that the board or a committee of the 
board is informed of any material incidents 
reported under that policy.
ASX Recommendation 3.4
A listed entity should:
a.	 have and disclose an anti-bribery and 
corruption policy; and 
b.	 ensure that the board or a committee of the 
board is informed of any material breaches 
of that policy.
Openness and relationships based on trust are very 
important to the Board. The Board is committed 
to a culture in which everyone is responsible and 
accountable for their actions and where anyone can 
raise matters that concern them. Charter Hall also 
values employees as a source of information about 
whether everyone at Charter Hall is living up to its 
values, and therefore Charter Hall employees are 
encouraged to speak up about any unlawful, unethical 
or irresponsible behaviour in Charter Hall.
The Board has endorsed the Charter Hall 
Whistleblower and Anti-Bribery, Fraud & Corruption 
Policies. Copies of these policies can be found on our 
website in the ‘Corporate Governance’ section.
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Principle 3 | 13 
12
For personal use only
14
Principle 4
Safeguard integrity  
of corporate reports
Audit Committee
ASX Recommendation 4.1 
The board of a listed entity should:
a.	 have an audit committee which:
1.	 has at least three members, all of 
whom are non-executive directors and 
a majority of whom are independent 
directors; and 
2.	 is chaired by an independent director, 
who is not the chair of the board,
	
and disclose:
3.	 	the charter of the committee;
4.	 the relevant qualifications and experience 
of the members of the committee; and 
5.	 in relation to each reporting period, the 
number of times the committee met 
throughout the period and the individual 
attendances of the members at those 
meetings; or
b.	 if it does not have an audit committee, 
disclose that fact and the processes it 
employs that independently verify and 
safeguard the integrity of its corporate 
reporting, including the processes for the 
appointment and removal of the external 
auditor and the rotation of the audit 
engagement partner.
The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee (ARCC) 
oversees the quality and integrity of accounting, 
audit, financial and risk management practices. It is 
made up of Independent Directors, and is chaired 
by an Independent Director, who is not the Chair of 
the Board. 
The ARCC Charter sets out the Committee’s 
role, responsibilities, composition, structure and 
membership requirements. Those responsibilities,  
in summary, are to:
	
–
review the internal control and compliance systems 
of the REIT
	
–
monitor the integrity of the financial statements  
of the REIT
	
–
consider significant financial reporting issues and 
judgements made in connection with the REIT’s 
financial statements
	
–
review and inform the Board on matters relating  
to the Auditor
	
–
consider sustainability issues and initiatives, 
including sustainability reporting for 
recommendation to the Board for approval
	
–
monitor compliance by the REIT with legal and 
regulatory requirements
	
–
assess at regular intervals whether the REIT’s 
internal financial control systems and risk 
management framework are adequate.
See ‘Board Committees’ earlier in this Statement for 
details of ARCC members. There are details of the 
Committee’s meetings this year, and who attended,  
in the Directors’ Report. 
The Board believes that the current members of 
the ARCC collectively have an appropriate level of 
financial and property industry expertise to discharge 
their responsibilities.
CEO and CFO declaration 
ASX Recommendation 4.2
The board of a listed entity should, before it 
approves the entity’s financial statements 
for a financial period, receive from its 
CEO and CFO a declaration that, in their 
opinion, the financial records of the entity 
have been properly maintained, and that 
the financial statements comply with the 
appropriate accounting standards and give 
a true and fair view of the financial position 
and performance of the entity and that the 
opinion has been formed on the basis of 
a sound system of risk management and 
internal control which is operating effectively.
In accordance with section 295A of the Corporations 
Act, the Retail CEO and Head of Retail Finance 
have declared that the REIT’s consolidated financial 
statements are based on sound risk management 
and internal control processes and that everything 
is operating as it should to govern financial reporting 
risks. This declaration is supported by a review and 
sign-off process from senior managers on the key 
items that make up the financial risk management  
and control systems.
Periodic reporting 
ASX Recommendation 4.3
A listed entity should disclose its process to 
verify the integrity of any periodic corporate 
report it releases to the market that is not 
audited or reviewed by an external auditor. 
Non-audited periodic corporate reports released to 
the market include the results presentations which 
accompany half year and full year financial reports  
and Directors’ Reports.
Management adheres to verification protocols with 
regard to public disclosures for listed entities including 
(but not limited to):
	
–
internal annual review conducted of the disclosures 
contained in the Ope

---

w. Non-Executive Directors are 
encouraged to hold securities in CQR.
Charter Hall also monitors employee compliance with 
this Policy as part of its Risk Management Framework. 
The Securities Trading Policy is available in the 
‘Corporate Governance’ section of our website.
Additional recommendations that 
apply only in certain cases 
ASX Recommendation 9.1 
A listed entity with a director who does 
not speak the language in which the board 
or security holder meetings are held or 
key corporate documents are written 
should disclose the processes it has in 
place to ensure the director understands 
and can contribute to the discussions at 
those meetings and understands and can 
discharge their obligations in relation to 
those documents. 
This recommendation does not apply to 
the REIT.
ASX Recommendation 9.2 
A listed entity established outside Australia 
should ensure that meetings of security 
holders are held at a reasonable time 
and place.
This recommendation does not apply  
to the REIT.
ASX Recommendation 9.3 
A listed entity established outside Australia, 
and an externally managed listed entity that 
has an AGM, should ensure that its external 
auditor attends its AGM and is available to 
answer questions from security holders 
relevant to the audit.
This recommendation does not apply  
to the REIT.
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Principle 8 | 23 
For personal use only
24
External auditor 
The Board has appointed Ernst & Young (EY) as 
the REIT’s Auditor. The Board expects both firms  to 
carry out their responsibilities in accordance with 
Australian law and audit firm policy with respect to 
partner rotation.
In order to ensure the independence of the Auditor, 
the Board has endorsed the Charter Hall Auditor 
Independence Policy requiring that:
	
–
the Auditor remain independent from the REIT;
	
–
the Auditor monitor its independence and report 
to the Board every six months on its continuing 
independence;
	
–
non-audit assignments undertaken by the Auditor 
are in accordance with the Policy;
	
–
all non-audit assignments undertaken by the 
Auditor are reported to the ARCC.
The Auditor attends the REIT’s Annual Securityholder 
Meeting and is available to answer Securityholder 
questions on the conduct of the audit, and the 
preparation and content of the Auditor’s Report.
The Charter Hall Auditor Independence Policy is 
available in the ‘Corporate Governance’ section  
of our website.
This page has been left blank intentionally.
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Principle 8 | 25 
For personal use only
charterhall.com.au/cqr
For personal use only