Charter Hall Retail REIT
ASX:CQR
Annual Report
2026
For personal use only
Charter Hall Retail REIT
Charter Hall Retail REIT (CQR or the REIT) is the leading owner of property 
for convenience retailers, with 730 properties in strategic locations across 
Australia. The REIT's strategy is to deliver the highest property income 
and earnings growth from the convenience retail sector. This is achieved 
through a dedicated team of 169 retail specialists nationwide who provide 
end-to-end property services to the portfolio.
CQR is a registered managed investment scheme. The Responsible Entity 
is Charter Hall Retail Management Limited (CHRML), a member of the 
Charter Hall Group (Charter Hall or the Group).
The CHRML Board of Directors (Board) provides the leadership and 
strategic direction for the REIT, including setting the tone in relation to 
good governance, which is critical to achieving the REIT’s objectives.
This report covers the REIT's business activities and presents figures for 
the financial year ending 30 June 2026, unless otherwise stated.
To view our 2026 reporting suite, including Annual Results and 
Corporate Governance Statement, visit: 
charterhall.com.au/reportingsuite
Cover from left to right clockwise: Arana Hills Plaza,  
Arana Hills QLD, Turrbal and Yuggera land; Bunnings Oxenford, 
Global Plaza Oxenford QLD, Bullongin land; Ampol, Dee Why NSW, 
Cammeraygal land 
Right: Charter Hall managed asset 
NAIDOC Week at 130 Lonsdale Street, Melbourne VIC 
Wurundjeri and Bunurong land
Contents
Performance highlights	
4
Chair and Fund Manager message	
6
Sustainability	
10
Directors’ Report and Financial Report	
12
Fund Manager remuneration	
66
Contact details	
70
Corporate directory	
71
Acknowledgement of Country
Charter Hall acknowledges the Traditional Custodians 
of the lands on which we work and gather. We pay our 
respects to Elders past and present and recognise 
their continued care and contribution to Country.
2   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026
3
Contents
For personal use only
Rye Hotel 
Mornington Peninsula, VIC 
Bunurong land
Performance 
highlights
Capital  
management
Property 
performance
-40bps to 125bps	
Debt margin reduction 
Following debt refinance 
$5.2bn2	
Property Investment value
High quality convenience retail portfolio 
30.9% 
Balance sheet gearing1
99.1%
Portfolio occupancy
+0.2% on June 25
5.0%
Weighted average  
cost of debt (WACD)
3.0%
Same property NPI growth 
Shopping centre +3.0%, net lease +3.0%
Financial  
performance 
26.4cpu
Operating earnings
+4.0% on FY25 (in line with upgraded guidance)
$5.03
Net tangible assets  
per unit
+8.4% on June 25
15.8%
12 month levered portfolio return
1.  Pro-forma adjusted for divestment of three metro assets 
($210m) and acquisition of Yeppoon Central, QLD ($65m) that 
occurred in July 2026, plus post balance date refinance and 
increase of BP Australia debt facility. 
2. Pro-forma adjusted for transactions above. 
Arana Hills Plaza 
Arana Hills, QLD 
Turrbal and Yuggera land
4   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026
5
For personal use only
Back to Contents
Chair and Fund 
Manager message
Dear Unitholder
We are pleased to present the Charter Hall Retail 
REIT (CQR or the REIT) Annual Report for the year 
ended 30 June 2026. 
FY26 marked an important milestone in the evolution 
of CQR. Over the past decade, we have deliberately 
expanded beyond traditional shopping centres 
to build a broader convenience retail platform 
underpinned by non-discretionary spending. During 
the year, convenience net lease retail became a 
meaningful contributor alongside our shopping 
centre portfolio, creating a more diversified and 
resilient earnings base for investors. 
Supported by Charter Hall’s integrated retail platform, 
now valued at $18.3 billion, and deep sector 
expertise, we continue to actively curate our portfolio 
to enhance income growth, improve asset quality 
and create long-term value for unitholders. 
Strong portfolio performance 
Convenience retail fundamentals remained resilient 
throughout FY26, supported by steady consumer 
spending, high occupancy levels and continued 
demand from leading national retailers. During 
the year, the portfolio delivered same property 
net property income growth of 3.0%, including 
like‑for‑like growth of 3.0% across both convenience 
shopping centres and convenience net lease retail 
assets. Operating earnings increased 4.0% to 26.4 
cents per unit, while distributions increased 3.3% 
to 25.5 cents per unit. This growth was supported 
by both segments of the portfolio, demonstrating 
the benefits of our increasingly balanced exposure 
across convenience shopping centres and 
convenience net lease retail assets. 
Our convenience shopping centre retail portfolio 
performed strongly. Specialty tenant sales 
productivity increased to a record $11,748 per square 
metre, leasing spreads remained positive at 4.1%, 
and tenant retention improved to 86%. Supermarket 
anchors, which remain pivotal to our convenience 
retail strategy, delivered 3.6% moving annual 
turnover growth during the year. 
The strength of the portfolio was reflected in 
continued valuation growth, with net tangible assets 
increasing to $5.03 per unit, representing growth of 
8.4% over the year and a 12-month levered portfolio 
return of 15.8%. 
Our active management approach continues to 
differentiate CQR. Supported by more than 169 
retail specialists nationally, we continue to prioritise 
customer outcomes, communication and long‑term 
partnerships. This is reflected in our tenant 
survey results, where we remain, on average, the 
highest‑ranked landlord among major shopping 
centre peers. Tenant retention improved to 86% 
during the year. 
Delivering on strategy 
The most significant strategic outcome achieved 
during FY26 was the continued transformation of 
CQR into a diversified convenience retail platform. 
Through a combination of acquisitions, capital 
recycling and portfolio curation, convenience net 
lease retail now contributes approximately half of 
portfolio income alongside our shopping centre 
assets. This has improved earnings diversification, 
reduced portfolio capital intensity and increased 
exposure to long-duration leases and strong 
tenant covenants. 
As Australia's largest convenience retail platform, 
we are diversified across convenience shopping 
centres, energy and convenience assets, hospitality 
and Bunnings assets. This diversification broadens 
CQR’s income sources while maintaining exposure 
to resilient, non‑discretionary retail spending. 
Convenience net lease retail now represents 53% 
of CQR's portfolio value, supporting the portfolio's 
transition toward higher income growth assets.
Garden State Hotel, Melbourne VIC 
Wurundjeri and Bunurong land
Portfolio value by segment
Shopping 
Centres
$2.5bn
47%
Energy and 
Convenience
$1.6bn
30%
Hospitality
$0.9bn
17%
Bunnings
$0.3bn
6%
The acquisition and integration of hospitality assets 
through the HPI transaction further broadened CQR's 
convenience retail platform. These assets provide 
long lease duration, attractive rental growth and 
resilient income characteristics that complement our 
existing convenience shopping centre retail portfolio 
while broadening the ways in which CQR participates 
in Australia's convenience retail economy. 
Our disciplined approach to capital allocation 
and asset management continues to position the 
portfolio for long-term growth while maintaining 
a focus on balance sheet strength and financial 
flexibility. At 30 June 2026, balance sheet gearing 
remained prudent and supported by diversified 
funding sources and long-dated income streams. 
6   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026
7
For personal use only
Back to Contents
Sustainability 
Our sustainability approach recognises the 
important role convenience retail assets play 
within local communities and reflects our focus on 
delivering lasting value for investors, customers and 
communities alike. 
CQR prioritises its long-term ambition of achieving 
Net Zero emissions by 2050 while investing in 
initiatives that support operational efficiency 
and portfolio resilience. From 1 July 2025, CQR 
has operated at Net Zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions, achieved through onsite solar generation, 
renewable electricity contracts and nature‑based 
carbon offsets. 
Across the portfolio, 19.5MW of onsite solar was 
installed across 76% of shopping centres with 
suitable roof spaces, 15.4MWh of battery capacity 
was installed at eight sites, and network and 
development applications progressed for an 
additional five sites. 
CQR continues to demonstrate strong environmental 
performance, achieving a 5.0 star NABERS Energy 
rating and 3.9 star NABERS Water rating for our 
convenience shopping centre retail portfolio. We 
also maintained our 3 star Green Star Performance 
portfolio rating and increased waste diversion from 
landfill by 8% from FY24. 
Through our partnership with Two Good Co., we 
invested $595,000 in school holiday activations 
and a cookbook giveaway campaign that enhanced 
shopper engagement while delivering meaningful 
social impact, supporting more than 850 hours of 
Charter Hall volunteering and funding over 1,000 
care packs for children in need.
These outcomes are underpinned by a strong 
governance framework and transparent reporting 
practices aligned with recognised industry 
standards and evolving stakeholder expectations.
We encourage you to read the Sustainability 
section of this report for detail on CQR's climate-
related disclosure and Charter Hall's platform-wide 
sustainability approach.
Outlook 
Looking ahead, we believe CQR is well positioned 
to continue delivering resilient income growth and 
attractive risk-adjusted returns across market cycles. 
The portfolio benefits from high-quality convenience 
retail assets, increasing diversification across 
shopping centres, energy and convenience, 
hospitality and Bunnings assets, supported by long 
lease duration and inflation-linked rental growth. 
Together with active asset management and a 
stronger capital position, these characteristics 
provide confidence in CQR's ability to enter FY27 
and continue delivering earnings growth. Further 
information on CQR's strategic priorities is available 
in the FY26 Results presentation and on the CQR 
website. We encourage investors to refer to these 
resources alongside this report. 
We thank our team of dedicated professionals 
across Australia who manage our portfolio on a 
day-to-day basis and support our tenant customers, 
communities and each other. Finally, on behalf of 
the Board and management team, we sincerely 
thank our unitholders for their ongoing support and 
investment in CQR. 
 
Roger Davis  
Independent Chair
Ben Ellis 
Retail CEO, Charter Hall  
Executive Director and  
Fund Manager, CQR
Solar on Salamander Bay Square, Salamander Bay NSW 
Worimi land
8   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Chair and Fund Manager message 
9
For personal use only
Back to Contents
Sustainability
Sustainability is integrated into the 
way CQR manages its portfolio and 
operates its business. CQR leverages 
the group-wide sustainability approach 
of its manager, Charter Hall, to focus 
efforts on the areas where it can create 
the greatest long-term economic, 
environmental and social value.
CQR has adopted Charter Hall's Sustainability 
Framework and Policy, which are informed by 
the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (UN SDGs) and the United Nations Global 
Compact (UNGC).
CQR's energy, emissions and waste performance 
is disclosed in Charter Hall's Sustainability FY26 
Databook, which is prepared in accordance with 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). For a broader 
overview of Charter Hall's sustainability approach 
and performance, refer to the Sustainability FY26 
Year in Review.
Governance
Pursuant to the REIT's Corporate Governance 
Statement, the CHRML Board provides the 
leadership and direction for the REIT. The Board 
has delegated responsibility for the REIT's day-
to-day business activities, including management 
of carbon and emissions, to Charter Hall. The 
Board regularly receives reports from Charter Hall  
executives and senior management on the services 
provided, including updates on climate and energy 
performance, progress on climate targets and key 
strategic initiatives. 
CQR is supported by a dedicated team of 
10 employees who lead sustainability initiatives 
across Charter Hall, including diversity and inclusion, 
community engagement, climate action, nature 
restoration, and resource efficiency. Sustainability 
and climate considerations are integrated into 
day-to-day activities of the broader team of 
~600 employees. 
Charter Hall integrates ESG performance into short-
term incentives for eligible employees— including 
senior executives, fund managers, asset managers, 
and ESG specialists—through a balanced scorecard 
covering Financial and Risk, Strategy and Customer 
(including climate-related risks), and Leadership, 
Culture and Collaboration (including diversity, 
inclusion, and wellbeing). 
For further details refer to the  
Fund Manager remuneration on page 66.
Risks
CQR has adopted Charter Hall's Risk Management 
Framework that includes consideration of strategic, 
reputation, governance, operational, investment, 
liquidity and ESG (including climate- related) risks. 
Transition and physical risks have been identified 
for CQR through scenario analysis, monitoring 
of emissions against science-based trajectories, 
downscaled location specific climate data, informed 
by Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, 
Network for Greening the Financial System and the 
International Energy Agency and refined through 
engagement with the CQR Fund Manager and senior 
leaders within Charter Hall's managing CQR assets. 
The climate-related risks and opportunities that 
could reasonably be expected to affect CQR’s 
prospects, include: 
	
–
access to capital 
	
–
supply chain 
	
–
physical climate impacts 
	
–
products and services. 
Strategy 
CQR has adopted Charter Hall's climate strategy, 
which focuses on: 
	
–
transitioning managed assets to be highly energy 
efficient and powered by renewables 
	
–
partnering across the value chain to reduce 
emissions through investment in renewables and 
low-carbon materials 
	
–
improving the adaptive capacity of the portfolio to 
climate-related impacts 
	
–
supporting communities with both immediate 
relief and long-term recovery following 
natural disasters. 
Targets
CQR has adopted Charter Hall's climate  
targets, including: 
Maintain
Net Zero
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,  
including compensating for  
residual emissions
100% 
renewable electricity
supplied to assets under  
operational control
50% 
reduction 
in downstream tenant  
emissions intensity by 2030
Charter Hall reports on the Scope 1 and 2 
emissions generated from assets held by CLW in 
the Sustainability Report under AASB S2. CQR's 
emissions and progress against the above targets 
are disclosed in the Sustainability FY26 Databook. 
For more information, please view:
charterhall.com.au/sustainability
Our sustainability approach  
enables CQR to:
Cultivate deep trusted 
relationships with 
our stakeholders 
Drive lasting change 
by leveraging social 
procurement to 
deliver social good
Respond to the 
challenges of a 
warming climate, 
rethink how we use 
resources and prioritise 
the protection and 
restoration of nature
Deliver long-term 
value and mutual 
success for our 
investors, customers 
and communities
Climate-related disclosure
Charter Hall provides property and asset management 
services to CQR. CQR gives delegated authority to 
Charter Hall to establish and implement operating 
policies, including the management of energy and 
carbon in line with Charter Hall's climate strategy, 
targets, risk management policies and procedures. 
Further details can be found in the Sustainability 
Report within the CHC 2026 Annual Report. 
CQR is aligned with Charter Hall's approach to 
climate-related reporting requirements under 
the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(AASB S2) and is preparing for its future 
reporting obligations. 
For assets owned by the REIT where Charter Hall 
has operational control, the portfolio operated at 
Net Zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions during the 
year, supported by renewable electricity from on-site 
generation and residual emissions compensated by 
Australian nature-based carbon offsets.
The REIT maintained a 5 star NABERS Energy rating 
across the convenience shopping centre retail 
portfolio, installed 19.5MW of on-site solar and 
increased battery capacity by 4.1MWh to 15.4MWh. 
During the year, acquisitions were also assessed for 
exposure to acute and chronic climate hazards to 
support portfolio resilience.
Above: Solar on Gympie Central, Gympie QLD 
Gubbi Gubbi land
10   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026
11
For personal use only
Back to Contents
Bunnings Toowoomba, 
Toowoomba QLD 
Jarowair and Giabal and 
Yuggera land
Directors’ Report  
and Financial Report
For the year ended 30 June 2026
Contents
Directors’ Report	
14
Auditor’s independence declaration	
27
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income	
28
Consolidated balance sheet	
29
Consolidated statement of changes in equity	
30
Consolidated cash flow statement	
31
About this report	
32
A. REIT performance	
33
B. Property portfolio assets	
37
C. Capital structure and financial risk management	
42
D. Further information	
50
Directors’ declaration to unitholders	
59
Independent auditor's report	
60
13
12   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026
For personal use only
Back to Contents
The Directors of Charter Hall Retail Management Limited (Responsible Entity or CHRML), the Responsible Entity of Charter Hall 
Retail REIT, present their report together with the consolidated financial statements of Charter Hall Retail REIT and its 
controlled entities (together, the REIT or CQR) for the year ended 30 June 2026. 
Principal activities 
The principal activity of the REIT during the year was property investment. There were no significant changes in the nature of 
the REIT’s activities during the year. 
Directors 
The following persons have held office as Directors of the Responsible Entity during the year and up to the date of this report, 
unless otherwise stated: 
-
Roger Davis
-
Chair and Non-Executive Director
-
Sue Palmer
-
Non-Executive Director and Chair of Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
-
Michael Gorman
-
Lianne Buck
-
Paul Craig
-
Non-Executive Director
-
Non-Executive Director (appointed 14 February 2025, resigned 4 July 2025)
-
Non-Executive Director (appointed 4 July 2025)
-
David Harrison
-
Executive Director and Managing Director/Group CEO of Charter Hall Group
-
Ben Ellis
-
Executive Director and Fund Manager/Retail CEO of Charter Hall Group
Distributions 
Distributions paid or declared by the REIT to unitholders: 
2026 
2025 
Cents per 
security 
$'m 
Cents per 
security 
$'m 
30 September 
6.35 
36.9 
- 
- 
31 December 
6.40 
37.2 
12.3 
71.5 
31 March 
6.35 
36.9 
- 
- 
30 June* 
6.40 
37.2 
12.4 
72.1 
Total distributions 
25.5 
148.2 
24.7 
143.6 
*
A liability has been recognised in the consolidated financial statements as the final distribution had been declared at the balance date.
From 1 July 2025, the REIT moved from half yearly to quarterly distributions. Distributions for each quarter will be paid in 
November, February, May and August each year.  
Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
The REIT has established a Distribution Reinvestment Plan (DRP) under which unitholders may elect to have all or part of their 
distribution entitlements satisfied by the issue of new units rather than being paid in cash.  
The DRP issue price is determined at a discount of 1.0% to the daily average of the volume weighted average market price of 
units traded on the ASX during the 15 business days commencing on the third business day following the distribution record 
date. The DRP was not active during the year ended 30 June 2026. 
Review and results of operations 
A new accounting standard AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements will come into effect, with mandatory 
adoption required from January 2027.  
The REIT has decided to early adopt AASB 18 to enhance financial performance information in relation to the income generated 
from investments in joint ventures and associates. The REIT has elected to fair value its investments. 
This resulted in changes to the REIT’s prior year comparatives, presenting the reclassification of investments accounted for 
using the equity method to investments accounted for at fair value within non-current assets.  
The disclosure of the impact of this change is presented in Note D9 of the financial statements. 
The 30 June 2026 financial results are summarised as follows: 
2026 
2025 
Revenue ($ millions)* 
176.9 
198.0 
Statutory profit ($ millions)* 
389.4 
218.3 
Basic earnings per unit (cents)* 
67.00 
37.56 
Operating earnings ($ millions) 
153.4 
147.5 
Operating earnings per unit (cents) 
26.39 
25.38 
Distributions ($ millions) 
148.2 
143.6 
Distributions per unit (cents) 
25.50 
24.70 
*
June 2026 results reflect the early adoption of AASB 18. Prior periods have been retrospectively restated. Refer to Note D9.
Total assets ($ millions) 
4,566.3 
4,288.3 
Total liabilities ($ millions) 
1,641.4 
1,594.1 
Net assets attributable to unitholders ($ millions) 
2,924.9 
2,694.2 
Units on issue (millions) 
581.2 
581.2 
Net assets per unit ($) 
5.03 
4.64 
Balance sheet gearing - total debt (net of cash and derivatives) to total assets (net of 
cash and derivatives) 
34.2% 
32.5% 
The REIT recorded a statutory profit for the year of $389.4 million (2025: $218.3 million). Operating earnings for the year were 
$153.4 million (2025: $147.5 million). 
The table below sets out income and expenses that comprise operating earnings on a look through basis (including the REIT’s 
share of joint ventures and associates): 
2026 
2025 
Net property income 
278.5 
255.1 
Other income 
6.4 
4.5 
Management fees 
(19.8) 
(18.5) 
Finance costs 
(106.9) 
(89.2) 
Other expenses 
(4.8) 
(4.4) 
Operating earnings 
153.4 
147.5 
Operating earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure which represents statutory profit adjusted for non-operating items that are 
either non-recurring or non-cash or both. The table on the following page presents these adjustments which can include items 
such as net fair value movements and non-cash accounting adjustments such as straight lining of rental income and 
amortisations. 
The inclusion of operating earnings as a measure of the REIT’s profitability provides investors with the same basis that is used 
internally for evaluating operating segment performance. Operating earnings is used by the Board to make strategic decisions 
and as a guide to assessing an appropriate distribution to declare.  
The increase in the REIT’s operating earnings was driven by higher net property income from the stable like for like portfolio, 
together with favourable impact of transactions, offset by increased finance costs. 
Directors’ Report
14   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / Directors’ Report 
15
For personal use only
Back to Contents
A reconciliation of operating earnings to statutory profit on a look through basis (including the REIT’s share of joint ventures and 
associates) is set out below: 
2026 
2025* 
$'m 
$'m 
Operating earnings 
153.4 
147.5 
Net revaluation gain on investment properties 
304.8 
144.1 
Straight lining of rental income and amortisation of incentives 
(11.0) 
(16.9) 
Acquisition and disposal related costs 
(87.5) 
(15.8) 
Net gain/(loss) on derivative financial instruments 
35.1 
(36.6) 
Other 
(5.4) 
(4.0) 
Statutory profit for the year 
389.4 
218.3 
*
June 2026 results reflect the early adoption of AASB 18. Prior periods have been retrospectively restated. Refer to Note D9.
Property Valuations 
External valuations were conducted for 100% of the REIT’s portfolio during the year, including joint ventures and associates, 
with 71% of properties being valued at 30 June 2026. Over the 12 months to 30 June 2026 the REIT’s portfolio valuation 
(including the REIT’s share of joint venture and associate entities) increased by $304.8 million due to wholly owned valuations 
increasing by $140.7 million and joint venture and associate entity valuations increasing by $164.1 million. 
Significant changes in the state of affairs 
During the year, the REIT continued its disciplined portfolio curation strategy by investing in new accretive opportunities while 
divesting assets as detailed below. This has seen an increase by income over the period in convenience net lease retail to 
represent 49% (June 2025: 35%) of the total portfolio, with shopping centres now representing 51% (June 2025: 65%). 
Charter Hall Convenience Retail Fund (CCRF) 
CCRF is a wholesale pooled fund with a net asset balance of $2.7 billion comprising 24 metro shopping centres and 15 metro 
Bunnings assets. As at 30 June 2026, CQR held a $441.2 million investment reflecting an interest of 16.1%. 
CQR has sold a number of metro convenience retail shopping centres to CCRF since its inception in 2025, in addition to its 
holdings in Charter Hall Retail Partnership No.1 Trust (49.9%), Charter Hall Retail Partnership No.2 Trust (49.9%) and Charter 
Hall Retail Partnership No.6 Trust (19.9%), totalling $915.6 million. 
In May 2026, CQR exchanged on the divestment of a further three wholly owned metro convenience retail shopping centres to 
CCRF for $210.3 million, with settlement in July 2026. These assets are classified as held for sale at 30 June 2026. 
Acquisitions 
During the year, the REIT acquired five net lease assets totalling $201.5 million and three convenience retail shopping centres 
totalling $250.2 million. 
The REIT also upweighted its investment in Energy and Convenience (Ampol and BP Australia portfolios) for a total of $219.2 
million. 
Disposals   
During the year, the REIT sold two convenience retail shopping centres for $138.2 million. 
Debt arrangements and hedging 
In February 2026, the REIT successfully refinanced its unsecured debt platform, entering into a new $1.6 billion secured debt 
platform across eight lenders. This included extinguishment of the existing USPP facility and associated Cross Currency Interest 
Rate Swap. The refinance extends the weighted average debt maturity to 4 years and reduces the REIT’s debt margins by 40 
basis points, along with greater financial flexibility afforded by an enhanced covenant package.  
Business strategies and prospects 
The REIT’s strategy is to provide investors with a resilient and growing income stream from convenience retail property, through 
the ownership of convenience shopping centres and convenience net lease retail properties. When acquiring these properties, 
the REIT’s investment criteria includes the following considerations: 
−
exposure to predominantly non-discretionary retailing;
−
investing in regions with sound, long term demographic growth;
−
consideration of the geographic diversity of the REIT’s portfolio;
−
the resilience of the income to be generated from the property; and
−
potential future value adding opportunity.
The shopping centres in the portfolio typically range in area up to 25,000sqm and have capital and income growth potential. The 
convenience net lease retail properties in the portfolio have long triple net leases to major convenience retailers, with contracted 
rental increases predominately linked to consumer price inflation. The REIT aims to maintain and enhance the portfolio through 
active asset and property management and to proactively manage its equity and debt. 
The REIT has a target gearing

---

22.7 
38.5 
*
June 2026 results reflect the early adoption of AASB 18. Prior periods have been retrospectively restated. Refer to Note D9.
The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated cash flow statement
30   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
31
For personal use only
Back to Contents
In preparing its financial statements the REIT has considered how the future economic outlook may impact upon its business 
operations and upon the business operations of its tenant customers. In assessing such impacts management have relied upon 
certain key estimates to evaluate current and future business conditions. Inherent in any estimate is a level of uncertainty.  
Estimation uncertainty is associated with: 
−
the extent and duration of a high inflation and interest rate environment;
−
disruption and volatility in capital markets;
−
deteriorating credit and liquidity concerns, impacting the ability of the REIT’s speciality tenants to meet their rental
obligations;
−
declines in consumer discretionary spending;
−
the effectiveness of government and central bank measures; and
−
judgements in property valuations such as letting up time, incentives provided and vacancy.
The uncertainty of the current geopolitical events and subsequent increase in consumer price inflation and interest rates in 
Australia may have an impact on the future performance of the portfolio. The REIT benefits from its inflation linked revenue 
streams and the interest rate hedging in place. 
The REIT has developed various accounting estimates in this report based on forecasts of economic conditions which reflect 
expectations and assumptions as at 30 June 2026 about future events that the Directors believe are reasonable in the 
circumstances. There is a considerable degree of judgement involved in preparing forecasts. The underlying assumptions are 
also subject to uncertainties which are often outside the control of the REIT. Accordingly, actual economic conditions are likely 
to be different from those forecast since anticipated events frequently do not occur as expected, and the effect of those 
differences may significantly impact accounting estimates included in this report. 
This section provides additional information on the key financial metrics used to define the results and performance of the REIT, 
including operating earnings by segment, net property income, distributions and earnings per unit.
A1. Management defined performance measure 
The REIT uses the management-defined performance measure operating earnings in its public communications to 
communicate earnings guidance. The inclusion of operating earnings as a measure of the REIT’s profitability provides investors 
with the same basis that is used internally for evaluating operating segment performance. Operating earnings is used by the 
Board to make strategic decisions and as a guide to assessing an appropriate distribution. This measure is not specified by the 
Australian Accounting Standards and therefore might not be comparable to similar measures used by other entities. 
Operating earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure which represents statutory profit adjusted for non-operating items that are 
either non-recurring or non-cash or both. The table disclosed in Note A2(b) presents these adjustments which can include items 
such as net fair value movements and non-cash accounting adjustments such as straight lining of rental income and 
amortisations. 
A2. Segment information 
(a)
Description of segments
The Directors of the Responsible Entity have determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief 
operating decision maker, being the Board of the Responsible Entity. The REIT has two operating segments: 
Convenience shopping centre retail 
This segment comprises convenience-based retail shopping centre investment properties held directly and through investments 
in joint venture entities and associate entities. 
Convenience net lease retail 
This segment comprises convenience net lease retail investment properties which includes service station, hardware and 
hospitality assets. The assets are held both directly and through investments in joint venture and associate entities.  
The value of investments, income and expenses are included based on the REIT’s ownership percentage. Investment 
properties are presented on the basis set out in Note B1. All other assets and liabilities are presented on a consolidated basis, 
in line with the consolidated balance sheet. This is consistent with the manner in which the information is presented to the Board 
in its capacity as chief operating decision maker. 
The notes to these consolidated financial statements include additional information which is required to understand the 
operations, performance and financial position of the REIT. They are organised in four key sections:  
A.
REIT performance – provides key metrics used to define financial performance.
B.
Property portfolio assets – explains the structure of the investment property portfolio and investments in joint ventures
and associates.
C.
Capital structure and financial risk management – details of how the REIT manages its exposure to various financial
risks.
D.
Further information – provides additional disclosures not included in previous sections but relevant in understanding
the financial statements.
33 
33 
33 
35 
A. REIT performance
A1. Management defined performance measure 
A2. Segment information 
A3. Distributions and earnings per unit 
A4. Reconciliation of operating profit to operating 
cash flow 
36 
B. Property portfolio assets
37 
B1. Investment properties 
38 
B2. Investments accounted for at fair value through 
profit or loss 
39 
B3. Expenditure commitments 
41 
C. Capital structure and financial risk
42 
C1. Capital risk management 
42 
C2. Borrowings and liquidity 
42 
C3. Derivative financial instruments 
44 
C4. Contributed equity and reserves 
45 
C5. Financial risk manag

---

ction for the foreign joint ventures 
and associates in the Consolidated statement in changes in equity and in Note D3(a) Parent entity information. 
Consolidated cash flow statements 
Finance costs paid moved from Cash flows from operating activities to Cash flows from financing activities. 
Transaction costs for investments at fair value through profit or loss moved from Cash flows from investing activities to Cash 
flows from operating activities. 
Proceeds from forward exchange contracts moved from Cash flows from financing activities to Cash flows from operating 
activities. 
Note A3 provides a reconciliation of operating profit, rather than statutory profit to net cash flows from operating activities.
In the opinion of the Directors of Charter Hall Retail Management Limited, the Responsible Entity of Charter Hall Retail REIT: 
a 
the consolidated financial statements and notes set out on pages 28 to 58 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 
2001, including: 
i 
complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional 
reporting requirements; 
ii 
giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2026 and of its performance 
for the year ended on that date; and 
b 
there are reasonable grounds to believe that the REIT will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and 
payable. 
The Directors have been given declarations by the Fund Manager, who performs the Chief Executive Officer function, and the 
Head of Retail Finance, who performs the Chief Financial Officer function, required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 
2001. 
This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors. 
Roger Davis 
Chair 
Sydney 
7 August 2026 
Directors’ declaration to unitholders
58   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / D. Further information 
59
For personal use only
Back to Contents
Ernst & Young 
200 George Street 
Sydney  NSW  2000 Australia 
GPO Box 2646 Sydney  NSW  2001 
Tel: +61 2 9248 5555 
Fax: +61 2 9248 5959 
ey.com/au 
Independent auditor’s report to the unitholders of Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Report on the audit of the financial report 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial report of Charter Hall Retail REIT and its controlled entities (collectively 
the REIT), which comprises the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2026, the consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated 
cash flow statement for the year then ended, notes to the financial statements, including material 
accounting policy information, and the directors’ declaration. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the REIT is in accordance with the Corporations 
Act 2001, including: 
a.
Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated balance sheet of the REIT as at 30 June 2026 and
of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and
b.
Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
report section of our report. We are independent of the REIT in accordance with the auditor 
independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the 
Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to audits of the financial 
report of public interest entities in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with the Code.  
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in 
our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit 
addressed the matter is provided in that context. 
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the 
financial report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit 
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the 
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the 
accompanying financial report. 
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited 
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation 
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited 
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation 
 
Carrying Value of Investment Properties 
Why significant 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
At 30 June 2026, the carrying value of the REIT’s 
investment properties at fair value is $2,095.5 
million, representing 46% of total assets. 
Fair values were determined by the Directors with 
reference to external and internal property 
valuations and market conditions existing at the 
reporting date. Changes in fair value are 
recognised in the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income. 
We considered this to be a key audit matter as 
property valuations are based on certain 
judgemental assumptions, such as capitalisation 
rates and market rents, and changes in these 
assumptions could result in material change to 
the valuation of investment properties.  
We draw attention to section B. Property portfolio 
assets of the financial statements which discloses 
the accounting policy, key a

---

sified as interest and recognised within finance costs, with a corresponding adjustment to net fair value 
loss on derivative financial instruments. 
Consolidated balance sheet 
2026 
2025 
Asset 
Liability 
Asset 
Liability 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
Current 
Interest rate swaps 
7.9 
6.0 
4.8 
1.6 
Cross currency swaps 
0.2 
-
13.4
- 
Forward exchange contracts 
- 
- 
- 
33.0 
Total current derivative financial instruments 
8.1 
6.0 
18.2 
34.6 
Non-current 
Interest rate swaps 
3.1 
- 
- 
2.3 
Cross currency swaps 
11.5 
-
42.9
- 
Forward exchange contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total non-current derivative financial instruments 
14.6 
-
42.9
2.3 
Total derivative financial instruments 
22.7 
6.0 
61.1 
36.9 
(b)
Interest rate swaps
Changes in fair value for interest rate swap derivatives are classified as interest expense to the extent that net cash flows are 
exchanged. 
At 30 June 2026, the notional principal amount and period of expiry of the interest rate swap contracts are as follows: 
Net position - REIT 
1 year 
2 - 3 
3 - 4 
4 - 5 More than 5 
fixed rate receives 
or less 
years 
years 
years 
years 
floating rate 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
2026 
500.0 
1,050.0 
- 
- 
- 
1,550.0 
2025 
997.4 
200.0 
- 
- 
- 
1,197.4 
(c)
Forward foreign exchange contracts and cross currency swaps
The REIT has previously entered into forward foreign exchange contracts to sell New Zealand dollars and receive Australian 
dollars, to economically hedge the carrying value of the REIT’s interest in its NZ portfolio and hedge foreign exchange exposure 
on distribution income. These instruments were fully extinguished during the year. 
During the year the REIT entered into AUD/NZD cross-currency interest rate swap agreements that economically hedge the 
REIT’s exposure to foreign currency and interest rates. The notional principal under these contracts is A$330.9 million, with 
maturity dates from September 2027 to September 2028. 
(d)
Valuation techniques used to derive level 2 fair values
Derivatives are classified as level 2 on the fair value hierarchy as the inputs used to determine fair value are observable market 
data but not quoted prices. 
The fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows. The fair value of cross 
currency interest rate swaps is determined using forward foreign exchange market rates and the present value of the estimated 
future cash flows at the balance date. 
Credit value adjustments are calculated based on the counterparty’s credit risk using the counterparty’s credit default swap 
curve as a benchmark. Debit value adjustments are calculated based on the REIT’s credit risk using debt financing available to 
the REIT as a benchmark.  
C4. Contributed equity and reserves 
30 Jun 2026 
30 Jun 2025 
Details 
No. of units 
$’m 
$’m 
 Units on issue 
    581,229,609 
2,884.7 
2,884.7 
As stipulated in the REIT’s constitution, each unit represents a right to an individual share in the REIT and does not extend to a 
right to the underlying assets of the REIT. There are no separate classes of units and each unit has the same rights attaching to 
it as all other units in the REIT. 
Each unit confers the right to vote at meetings of unitholders, subject to any voting restrictions imposed on a unitholder under 
the Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules. Units on issue are classified as equity and are recognised at the fair 
value of the consideration received by the REIT. Transaction costs arising on the issue of equity are recognised directly in 
equity as a reduction in the proceeds of units to which the costs relate. 
Distribution Reinvestment Plan (DRP) 
The REIT has established a DRP under which unitholders may elect to have all or part of their distribution entitlements satisfied 
by the issue of new units rather than being paid in cash. The DRP issue price is determined at a discount of 1.0% to the daily 
average of the volume weighted average market price of units traded on the ASX during the 15 business days commencing on 
the third business day following the distribution record date. The DRP was not active during the year ended 30 June 2026. 
(a)
Reserves
Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserve 
Cash flow 
hedge reserve 
Foreign 
currency basis 
reserve 
Total reserves 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
Opening balance 1 July 2025 
1.4 
1.4 
-
2.8
Changes in reserves 
(9.1) 
(1.4) 
-
(10.5)
Balance 30 June 2026 
(7.7) 
- 
- 
(7.7) 
Opening balance 1 July 2024* 
0.2 
1.7 
-
1.9
Changes in reserves* 
1.2 
(0.3) 
-
0.9
Balance 30 June 2025* 
1.4 
1.4 
-
2.8
*
June 2026 results reflect the early adoption of AASB 18. Prior periods have been retrospectively restated. Refer to Note D9.
In accordance with the REIT’s constitution, amounts may be transferred from reserves or contributed equity to fund distributions.
C5. Financial risk management 
The REIT’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, receivables, investments at fair value through 
profit or loss, payables, interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments. 
The table below shows the REIT’s exposure to a variety of financial risks and the various measures it uses to monitor exposures 
to these types of risks. The REIT manages its exposure to these financial risks in accordance with the REIT’s Financial Risk 
Management (FRM) policy as approved by the Board. The policy sets out the REIT’s approach to managing financial risks, the 
policies and controls utilised to minimise the potential impact of these risks on its performance and the roles and responsibilities 
of those involved in the management of these financial risks. Derivative financial instruments are used exclusively for hedging 
purposes and not for trading or speculative purposes. 
Other than financial instruments, the REIT is exposed to property price risk including property rental risks for wholly owned 
properties and those held by joint ventures and associates. 
44   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / C. Capital structure and financial risk management 
45
For personal use only
Back to Contents

---

flows/(outflows) based on interest rates and foreign exchange rates prevailing at balance date and therefore do not equate to 
the value shown in the consolidated balance sheet. Repayments which are subject to notice are treated as if notice were given 
immediately. 
Carrying 
value 
Less than 
1 year 
1 to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
 $'m 
 $'m 
 $'m 
 $'m 
 $'m 
2026 
Financial liabilities 
Payables 
(29.9) 
(29.9) 
- 
- 
(29.9) 
Distribution payable 
(37.2) 
(37.2) 
- 
- 
(37.2) 
Borrowings 
(1,574.2) 
(262.0) 
(1,486.9) 
(109.0) 
(1,857.9) 
Derivative financial instruments 
(6.0) 
(6.0) 
- 
- 
(6.0) 
Total financial liabilities 
(1,647.3) 
(335.1) 
(1,486.9) 
(109.0) 
(1,931.0) 
2025 
Financial liabilities 
Payables 
(36.4) 
(36.4) 
- 
- 
(36.4) 
Distribution payable 
(72.1) 
(72.1) 
- 
- 
(72.1) 
Borrowings 
(1,400.8) 
(357.0) 
(1,272.9) 
-
(1,629.9)
Derivative financial instruments 
(36.9) 
(35.6) 
(1.5) 
-
(37.1)
Total financial liabilities 
(1,546.2) 
(501.1) 
(1,274.4) 
-
(1,775.5)
The amount of credit facilities unused by the REIT at 30 June 2026 is $205.8 million (2025: $202.0 million). 
(d)
Credit risk
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of each reporting period is equivalent to the carrying value of the financial 
assets. The REIT has policies to review the aggregate exposures of receivables and tenancies across its portfolio. 
As at 30 June 2026, the REIT has no significant concentrations of credit risk on its receivables other than exposure to the BP 
(11.6%), Ampol (10.8%), QVC/AVC (10.6%) Woolworths (8.5%), Coles (7.4%) businesses which contribute 49.0% (2025: 
46.3%) of the total property income. The REIT holds collateral in the form of security deposits or bank guarantees over some 
receivables where appropriate. 
The table below shows the ageing analysis of rent receivables of the REIT.  
Less than 30 
days 
31 to 60 
days 
61 to 90 
days 
More than 90 
days 
Total 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
2026 
Rent receivables 
1.1 
0.2 
0.2 
0.4 
1.9 
2025 
Rent receivables 
1.6 
0.5 
0.3 
0.5 
2.9 
The REIT applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss 
allowance for all trade and other financial assets. As at 30 June 2026, the provision for expected credit losses is $1.2 million 
(2025: $1.2 million). 
The loss allowances for trade and other financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss 
rates. The REIT uses judgement in making these assumptions, based on the REIT’s past history and existing market conditions 
as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. 
Agreement to rental deferral options between the REIT and a tenant does not automatically indicate a deterioration of credit risk 
but is considered within the framework of the above indicators.  
The forward-looking judgments and assumptions reflect the best estimate of management as at balance date, using information 
available to them at that date. Accordingly, the REIT’s ECL estimates are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual results 
may differ from these estimates. 
C6. Offsetting financial assets and liabilities 
The REIT is a party to the master agreement as published by International Swaps and Derivatives Associates, Inc. (ISDA) which 
allow the REIT’s counterparties, under certain conditions (i.e. event of default), to set-off the position owing/receivable under a 
derivative contract to a net position outstanding. As the REIT does not have legally enforceable right to set off, none of the 
financial assets or financial liabilities are offset on the balance sheet of the REIT. 
The table below demonstrates the effect of offsetting positions should the REIT’s counterparties decide to enforce the legal right 
to set-off: 
Gross amounts of 
financial instruments Amounts subject to set-off 
Net amount post set-off 
$'m  
$'m 
$'m 
2026 
Derivative assets 
22.7 
(6.0) 
16.7 
Derivative liabilities 
(6.0) 
6.0 
- 
16.7 
- 
16.7 
2025 
Derivative assets 
61.1 
(31.0) 
30.1 
Derivative liabilities 
(36.9) 
31.0 
(5.9) 
24.2 
- 
24.2 
48   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / C. Capital structure and financial risk management 
49
For personal use only
Back to Contents
D1. Related party information 
(a)
Responsible Entity
The Responsible Entity of the REIT is Charter Hall Retail Management Limited, a wholly owned entity of Charter Hall Limited. The 
registered office of the Responsible Entity is Level 20, No.1 Martin Place, Sydney NSW 2000.  
(b)
Directors
No payments were made by the REIT or by the Responsible Entity on behalf of the REIT to the Executive Directors during the 
year. 
(c)
Transactions with the Responsible Entity and its related parties
The Responsible Entity and its related parties held 54,321,971 units in the REIT as at 30 June 2026 (2025: 54,321,971).
Following is a summary of related party transactions for the year ended 30 June 2026: 
Fee amount 
2026 
2025 
Type of fee 
Method of fee calculation 
$'000 
$'000 
Management fees 
0.45% of gross assets <$700m 
0.40% of gross assets >$700m 
16,308 
15,981 
Transaction services 
0.75% acquisition fee 
0.25% disposal fee 
0.25% due diligence fee 
9,764 
6,749 
Other 
Accounting and treasury services 
2,726 
1,453 
Property 
Property management and speciality 
leasing costs 
Cost recovery (Centre management, 
leasing, operations, marketing, finance, 
WHS) 
14,438 
18,833 
Other 
Development services, project 
management, major leasing and other 
property related services 
1,364 
1,882 
44,600 
44,897 
The above fees and transactions were based on market rates and normal commercial terms and conditions and were approved 
by the Independent Directors. 
During the year, the REIT sold assets to related party entities totalling $1,125.9 million (2025: nil), acquired assets from related 
party entities totalling $49.0 million (2025: nil) and had outstanding receivables of $14.2 million (2025: nil). 
(d)
Outstanding payable balance with the Responsible Entity and its related parties
2026 
2025 
$ 
$ 
Charter Hall Holdings Pty Limited 
6,545,520

---

e REIT has no financial covenants that are 
linked to the activities of joint ventures and 
associates which have their own financial 
commitments or borrowings, nor is there any 
recourse or cross-default to the REIT. 
Risk 
Description 
Mitigation 
Interest rates 
Rising interest rates driven by 
inflation may adversely impact 
the REIT by increasing finance 
costs and impacting the amount 
the REIT has available to 
distribute to investors. 
The REIT has a Treasury Risk Management 
Policy which includes policies and controls to 
minimise the impact of fluctuating interest 
rates on the REIT’s financial performance. 
The REIT enters into interest rate swaps in 
order to provide more certainty for the REIT’s 
finance costs. 
Operational 
Risks 
Work, health and 
safety (WHS) 
obligations, critical 
safety incident or 
significant crisis  
The REIT has a commitment to 
promote and protect the health, 
safety and wellbeing of its 
people, customers, contractors 
and all users of the REIT’s 
assets. 
The Group WHS Manager collaborates 
closely with retail property management 
teams to ensure the roll-out of enhanced 
contractor registration/on-boarding platforms, 
incident notification platform, ongoing risk 
audits and training of centre teams regarding 
incident response and management. 
To focus the REIT’s efforts on the eradication 
of modern slavery in its supply chain the REIT 
has adopted the Modern Slavery Statement 
(Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018) and 
published its fifth statement with supply chain 
spend by category. 
Technology and 
cyber security 
There is increasing 
sophistication of cyber-attacks, 
particularly denial of service 
impact on building management 
security. 
A reportable data breach may 
result in adverse impact on 
reputation and/or financial 
penalty. 
The cyber security strategy and program 
continues with external validation and yearly 
review of IT policies against best practice. 
The REIT undertakes annual penetration tests 
against critical systems and properties and 
has brought all critical systems under IT 
General Controls (ITGC) including regular 
user access reviews. The REIT’s internal 
audit includes risk identification and 
assessment for new platforms. The REIT also 
has a formal cyber insurance policy which 
covers incident remediation costs. 
Artificial intelligence 
(AI) 
Gaps in governance, oversight 
or adoption of artificial 
intelligence may result in errors, 
inaccurate outputs, 
inappropriate decision-making, 
privacy breaches or regulatory 
non-compliance, which could 
adversely impact investors, 
customers, employees, 
operations or the REIT's 
reputation.
The REIT maintains an AI governance 
framework, including policies, standards and 
oversight processes governing the use of 
artificial intelligence. New AI use cases are 
subject to risk and compliance review, with 
appropriate human oversight and 
accountability for key decisions.  
The REIT ensures training is provided to 
employees on the responsible use of AI and 
regularly reviews emerging regulatory 
developments, risks and controls to ensure AI 
technologies are used safely, ethically and in 
accordance with applicable laws and internal 
policies. 
Organisational 
culture and conduct 
The REIT’s ongoing success 
depends on its ability to attract, 
engage and retain a motivated 
and high-performing workforce 
to deliver its strategic objectives 
and an inclusive culture that 
supports its values. 
The REIT receives management services 
from Charter Hall which has a Code of 
Conduct that covers all employees and 
undertakes consistent messaging and tone at 
the top regarding behaviour. Charter Hall also 
has a formal Whistleblower Policy in place 
and process to obtain regular employee 
feedback on culture and behaviours which is 
used to inform management decisions. 
18   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / Directors’ Report 
19
For personal use only
Back to Contents
Risk 
Description 
Mitigation 
Environmental 
Climate change 
There is an increasing interest 
and expectation amongst 
investor groups to disclose on 
climate related risks and 
opportunities and their potential 
impact on business strategy and 
financial performance. 
The REIT will be required to report climate 
related financial information in the future 
under the Corporations Act and the Australian 
Accounting Standards Board S2 Climate 
related disclosure. During the year, the REIT 
matured its understanding of the impacts of 
climate related risks and opportunities on the 
REIT’s financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows. 
The REIT is aligned with the Charter Hall 
Group ambition of Net Zero (Scope 1, 2 and 
3) by 2050 and internal target of 50%
reduction in Scope 3 downstream tenant
emission intensity by 2030. The REIT’s
transition plan is focussed on energy
efficiency, electrification, transition to climate
friendly refrigerants, solar and battery
solutions, and partnering with tenants on
renewable electricity.
The REIT has identified the impact of a 
changing climate on the portfolio between 
now and 2100, for the climate perils of flood, 
heat stress, extreme rainfall, sea level rise, 
water scarcity, wildfire, windstorm and cold 
spell, and is currently identifying adaptation 
measures for inclusion in strategic asset 
planning.   
 
Regulatory 
AFSL compliance 
CHRML is required to comply 
with Australian Financial 
Services Licence (AFSL) 
requirements. It does this 
through the REIT’s established 
policies and frameworks. 
Regular compliance reporting is undertaken to 
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee 
(ARCC) including mandatory annual 
compliance training requirements for all 
employees. In addition, the REIT has 
formalised compliance committees with 
annual external audit of compliance plans. 
 
Management of 
conflicts of interest 
Inadequate management of 
tenant and acquisition conflicts 
may arise between Charter Hall 
managed funds or related party 
transactions may be 
inappropriately managed. There 
is also a risk that the REIT fails 
to pay market rate for related 
par

---

he REIT’s 
accounting policies. 
The areas involving significant estimates or judgements are: 
−
Fair value estimation – B1 Investment properties, C2 Borrowings and liquidity and C3 Derivative financial instruments
−
Provision for expected credit losses – C5 (d) Credit risk
About this report
A. REIT performance
32   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / About this report 
33
For personal use only
Back to Contents
(b)
Segment information provided to the Board
The operating earnings reported to the Board for the operating segments for the years ended 30 June 2026 and 30 June 2025 
are as follows: 
2026 
2025 
$'m 
$'m 
Convenience shopping centre retail segment 
Property rental income 
119.7 
148.4 
Other property income 
36.7 
41.9 
Add back: straight lining of rental income and amortisation of incentives 
10.5 
13.8 
Property expenses 
(56.1) 
(65.2) 
Net income from joint venture and associate entities 
32.3 
28.5 
Convenience shopping centre retail segment 
143.1 
167.4 
Convenience net lease retail segment 
Property rental income 
18.2 
6.3 
Net income from joint venture and associate entities 
83.2 
55.5 
Convenience net lease retail segment 
101.4 
61.8 
Total income 
244.5 
229.2 
Other income 
3.2 
3.3 
Management fees 
(16.3) 
(16.0) 
Finance costs 
(74.2) 
(65.3) 
Other expenses 
(3.8) 
(3.7) 
Operating earnings 
153.4 
147.5 
Basic weighted average number of units (millions) 
581.2 
581.2 
Operating earnings per unit (cents) 
26.39 
25.38 
Property rental income 
Property rental income represents income earned from the long-term rental of the REIT’s properties and is recognised on a 
straight line basis over the lease term. The portion of rental income relating to fixed increases in operating lease rentals in future 
years is recognised as a separate component of investment properties. Turnover rent is recognised on an accrual basis. 
Minimum lease payments to be received includes future amounts to be received on non-cancellable operating leases, not 
recognised in the financial statements at balance date. The remainder will be accounted for as property rental income as it is 
earned. Amounts receivable under non-cancellable operating leases where the REIT’s right to consideration for a service 
directly corresponds with the value of the service provided to the customer have not been included (for example, variable 
amounts payable by tenants for their share of the operating costs of the asset). 
Minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases of investment properties not recognised in the financial 
statements as receivable are as follows: 
Within 1 year 
1 to 2 years 
2 to 3 years 
3 to 4 years 
4 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
$’m 
2026 
142.8 
122.9 
106.6 
93.1 
74.1 
207.6 
747.1 
2025 
147.1 
135.8 
115.8 
96.1 
78.6 
221.3 
794.7 
Other property income 
Other property income principally includes the proportion of shopping centre operating costs which are recoverable from tenants 
in accordance with lease agreements and relevant Retail Tenancy Acts.  
Property expenses 
Property expenses, other expenses and outgoings, including rates, taxes and other property outgoings incurred in relation to 
investment properties where such expenses are the responsibility of the REIT, are recognised on an accruals basis. 
The operating earnings on a look through basis (which includes the REIT’s share of joint ventures and associates) are set out 
below: 
2026 
2025 
$'m 
$'m 
Convenience shopping centre retail net property income 
147.7 
177.4 
Convenience net lease retail net property income 
130.8 
77.7 
Other income 
6.4 
4.5 
Management fees 
(19.8) 
(18.5) 
Finance costs 
(106.9) 
(89.2) 
Other expenses 
(4.8) 
(4.4) 
Operating earnings 
153.4 
147.5 
A reconciliation of operating earnings to statutory profit on a look through basis (including the REIT’s share of joint ventures and 
associates) is set out below: 
2026 
2025* 
$'m 
$'m 
Operating earnings 
153.4 
147.5 
Net revaluation gain on investment properties 
304.8 
144.1 
Straight lining of rental income and amortisation of incentives 
(11.0) 
(16.9) 
Acquisition and disposal related costs 
(87.5) 
(15.8) 
Net gain/(loss) on derivative financial instruments 
35.1 
(36.6) 
Other 
(5.4) 
(4.0) 
Statutory profit for the year 
389.4 
218.3 
*
June 2026 results reflect the early adoption of AASB 18. Prior periods have been retrospectively restated. Refer to Note D9.
A3. Distributions and earnings per unit 
(a)
Distributions paid and payable
2026 
2025 
Cents per 
security 
$'m 
Cents per 
security 
$'m 
30 September 
6.35 
36.9 
- 
- 
31 December 
6.40 
37.2 
12.30 
71.5 
31 March 
6.35 
36.9 
- 
- 
30 June 
6.40 
37.2 
12.40 
72.1 
Total distributions 
25.5 
148.2 
24.7 
143.6 
From 1 July 2025, the REIT moved from half yearly to quarterly distributions. Distributions for each quarter will be paid in 
November, February, May and August each year.  
Pursuant to the REIT’s constitution, the amount distributed to unitholders is at the discretion of the Responsible Entity. The 
Responsible Entity uses operating earnings (refer to Note A2) as a guide to assessing an appropriate distribution to declare. 
A liability is recognised for the amount of any distribution declared by the REIT on or before the end of the reporting period but 
not distributed at balance date. 
Under current Australian income tax legislation, the REIT is not liable to pay income tax provided the trustee has attributed all 
the taxable income of the REIT to unitholders. 
34   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / A. REIT performance 
35
For personal use only
Back to Contents
(b)
Earnings per unit
2026 
2025** 
Basic and diluted earnings per unit 
Net profit from continuing operations ($'m) 
389.4 
218.3 
Operating earnings for the year ($'m) 
153.4 
147.5 
Weighted average number of units used in the calculation of basic 
earnings per unit (millions)* 
581.2 
581.2 
Basic and diluted earnings per ordinary unitholder of the REIT 
Earnings per unit (cents) 
67.00 
37.56 
Operatin

---

ur details including name, address, tax 
file number, payment instructions and document 
requests, contact:
MUFG Corporate Markets–A division of MUFG Pension 
& Market Services 
(formerly Link Market Services Limited) 
Locked Bag A14  
Sydney South NSW 1235
Phone	 +61 1300 303 063
Email 	 charterhall.reits@cm.mpms.mufg.com.au
Web	
au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
Management team
CQR benefits from the expertise and capability of 
Charter Hall's dedicated property, investment and 
funds management professionals. 
Further information on the team is available at 
charterhall.com.au/cqr
Investor Relations
All other enquiries related to the REIT can  
be directed to:
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited 
GPO Box 2704 
Sydney NSW 2001
Phone	 +61 1300 365 585
Email	
reits@charterhall.com.au
Web	
charterhall.com.au/cqr
Corporate directory
Responsible Entity  
and Manager
Charter Hall Retail  
Management Limited 
ABN 46 069 709 468 
AFSL 246996
Registered office 
Level 20, No.1 Martin Place 
Sydney NSW 2000
GPO Box 2704 
Sydney NSW 2001
Phone	 +61 1300 365 585
Email	
reits@charterhall.com.au
Web	
charterhall.com.au/cqr
ASX code CQR
Directors of the  
Responsible Entity
Roger Davis (Chair)  
Paul Craig 
Ben Ellis  
Michael Gorman 
David Harrison  
Sue Palmer
Fund Manager
Ben Ellis
Company Secretary
Mark Bryant  
Rebekah Hourigan
Auditor
Ernst & Young (EY) 
200 George Street 
Sydney NSW 2000
Important information: Charter Hall Retail Management Limited ABN 46 069 709 468; AFSL 246996 (CHRML) is the responsible entity of Charter Hall Retail 
REIT ARSN 093 143 965 (REIT). CHRML is a controlled entity of Charter Hall Limited ABN 57 113 531 150 (Charter Hall). This report is not intended to be and 
does not constitute an offer or a recommendation to acquire any securities in the REIT. This report does not take into account the personal objectives, 
financial situation or needs of any investor. Before investing in REIT securities, you should consider your own objectives, financial situation and needs and 
seek independent financial, legal and/or taxation advice. Historical performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Due care and attention has 
been exercised in the preparation of forward-looking statements. However, any forward-looking statements contained in this report are not guarantees or 
predictions of future performance and, by their very nature, are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are outside the control of  
CHRML and its entities. Actual results may vary materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report. Readers are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, CHRML and its related entities do not undertake any obligation to 
publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. The receipt of this report by any person 
and any information contained herein or subsequently communicated to any person in connection with the REIT is not to be taken as constituting the giving 
of investment, legal or tax advice by the REIT nor any of its related bodies corporate, directors or employees to any such person. CHRML does not receive 
fees in respect of the general financial product advice it may provide; however, CHRML or Controlled entities of Charter Hall will receive fees for managing 
the assets of, providing resources to, and operating the REIT which, in accordance with the REIT’s constitution, are calculated by reference to the value of the 
assets and the performance of the REIT. Charter Hall and its related entities, together with their officers and directors, may hold securities in the REIT from 
time to time. All information herein is current as at 30 June 2026 unless otherwise stated. All references to dollars ($) or A$ are to Australian Dollars unless 
otherwise stated. © Charter Hall
70   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026
71
For personal use only
Back to Contents
charterhall.com.au/cqr
For personal use only

---

issues in meeting the 
current liabilities over the course of the next 12 months, and therefore, these financial statements have been prepared on a 
going concern basis. 
Financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value have carrying values that reasonably approximate their fair values. 
D. Further information
50   Charter Hall Retail REIT Annual Report 2026 / Directors’ Report and Financial Report / D. Further information 
51
For personal use only
Back to Contents
(a)
Receivables and other assets
2026 
2025 
$'m 
$'m 
Trade receivables 
1.9 
2.9 
Turnover rent receivable 
7.0 
5.7 
Accrued income and other receivables 
22.8 
23.0 
Prepayments 
0.8 
2.3 
Provision for expected credit losses 
(1.2) 
(1.2) 
31.3 
32.7 
Trade receivables includes property rental income receivable together with trade receivables relating to revenue from contracts 
with customers.   
The REIT’s receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less provision for 
expected credit losses. The REIT applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which involves a 
lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade and other financial assets. The REIT uses judgement in making these assumptions 
(refer to Note C5 (d)). 
(b)
Payables and other liabilities
2026 
2025 
$’m 
$’m 
Current 
Accrued capital expenditure 
5.0 
5.8 
Accrued property expenses 
8.5 
11.9 
Income received in advance 
5.5 
4.7 
Interest payable on interest bearing liabilities 
3.7 
6.9 
Other 
7.2 
7.1 
29.9 
36.4 
Liabilities are recognised for amounts to be paid in the future for goods and services received, whether or not billed to the REIT. 
The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are presented as 
current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair 
value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
D3. Parent entity information 
The financial information for the parent entity, Charter Hall Retail REIT, has been prepared on the same basis as the REIT’s 
consolidated financial statements except as set out below: 
Investments in controlled entities 
Investments in controlled entities are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of the parent entity. Such investments 
include both investments in equity securities issued by the controlled entity and other parent entity interests that in substance 
form part of the parent entity’s investment in the controlled entity. These include investments in the form of interest-free loans 
which have no fixed contractual term and which have been provided to the controlled entity as an additional source of long term 
capital. 
Dividends and distributions received from controlled entities, joint ventures and associates are recognised in the parent entity’s 
statement of comprehensive income, rather than deducted from the carrying amount of these investments. 
Receivables and payables 
Trade amounts receivable from controlled entities in the normal course of business and other amounts advanced on commercial 
terms and conditions are included in receivables. Similarly, amounts payable to controlled entities are included in payables. 
Recoverable amount of assets 
The carrying amounts of investments in controlled entities, valued on the cost basis are reviewed to determine whether they are 
in excess of their recoverable amount at balance date. If the carrying value exceeds their recoverable amount, the assets are 
written down to the lower value. The write-down is expensed in the year in which it occurs. 
(a)
Summary financial information
The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:
Parent 
Parent 
2026 
2025* 
$’m 
$’m 
Balance sheet 
Current assets 
316.2 
794.7 
Non-current assets 
3,915.4 
3,399.7 
Total assets 
4,231.6 
4,194.4 
Current liabilities 
280.7 
422.5 
Non-current liabilities 
1,389.0 
1,346.1 
Total liabilities 
1,669.7 
1,768.6 
Equity 
Contributed equity 
2,885.9 
2,885.9 
Reserves and retained earnings/(accumulated losses) 
(324.0) 
(460.1) 
Total equity 
2,561.9 
2,425.8 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Statutory profit for the year 
285.6 
213.9 
Other comprehensive income 
(1.4) 
4.2 
Total comprehensive income 
284.2 
218.1 
*
June 2026 results reflect the early adoption of AASB 18. Prior periods have been retrospectively restated. Refer to Note D9.
(b)
Guarantees and contingent liabilities
The parent entity did not have any other contingent liabilities which are material, either individually or as a class, at 30 June 
2026 (2025: nil). 
(c)
Commitments
The parent entity may enter into contracts for the acquisition, construction and development of properties in Australia. The 
commitments of the parent entity in relation to such contracts are nil (2025: $1.1 million). These commitments have not been 
reflected in the financial information of the parent entity. 
There have been no other material changes to the parent entity’s commitments since the last financial statement. 
(d)
Working capital
The parent entity maintains a proactive cash management practice of using excess available cash to reduce drawn revolving 
debt facilities. The parent entity is in a net current asset position of $35.5 million at 30 June 2026 as a result of assets classified 
as held for sale (2025: $372.2 million).  
The parent entity has readily accessible credit facilities with $205.8 million (2025: $202.0 million) of undrawn non-current debt 
facilities at 30 June 2026 and operating cash flows to meet current liabilities. The parent entity does not foresee any issues in 
meeting the current liabilities over the course of the next 12 months. 
D4. Significant contract terms and conditions 
Pre-emptive rights 
Under the joint ownership arrangements in place with the other unitholders of our joint venture and associate entities, should 
CHRML cease to be the Responsible Entity of the REIT, or if there is a change in control of CHRML or the REIT, the joint