Charter Hall Retail REIT
Notice of 2025 Annual General 
Meeting of Unitholders and 
Explanatory Memorandum
For a meeting to be held on Wednesday,  
30 October 2025 at 2.00pm (AEDT)
Charter Hall Retail REIT
Notice of 2025 Annual General 
Meeting of Unitholders and 
Explanatory Memorandum
For a meeting to be held on Thursday,  
30 October 2025 at 2.00pm (AEDT)
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited (ACN 069 709 468)
Contents
Chair’s Letter 4
Location of the Meeting 5
Meeting Agenda  6
Meeting Protocol 7
Notice of Meeting 7
Explanatory Memorandum  9
Glossary and Interpretation  10
Contact Details 11
Corporate Directory  11
This is an important document. 
Please read it carefully.
If you are unable to attend the Meeting,  
please complete the Proxy Form and return  
it in accordance with the instructions in this 
Notice of Meeting and in the Proxy Form.
Separate attachment
Proxy Form
Cover: Kings Langley Central,   Kings Langley, NSW   Dharug land  
Above: NAIDOC Week at Gateway Plaza, Leopold Vic 
Wadawurrung land
Acknowledgement of Country
Charter Hall acknowledges the Traditional 
Custodians of the lands on which we work 
and gather. We pay our respects to Elders past and 
present and recognise their continued care and 
contribution to  Country.
3 
Charter Hall Retail REIT
Notice of 2025 Annual General Meeting of Unitholders and Explanatory Memorandum
5 
Chair’s Letter Location of the Meeting
Venue
The Meeting of the Unitholders of Charter Hall 
Retail REIT will be held at:
Charter Hall  
Level 20, No.1 Martin Place 
Sydney NSW 2000
Commencing
2:00pm AEDT, Thursday 30 October 2025
Charter Hall Head Office
The office is conveniently situated in the middle of the 
Sydney CBD and within close proximity to the city’s 
ferry, light rail, bus and taxi facilities.
By Car
Self-parking is available through Secure Parking,  
at No.1 Martin Place, located below the Fullerton Hotel 
(enter via Pitt Street).
Alternatively self-parking is offered through Wilson 
Parking at 123 Pitt Street, Angel Place, Sydney. 
By Train
Martin Place and Wynyard Railway Stations are within 
walking distance from the office. The stations offer 
services on all intercity and suburban trains and are 
a five-minute train ride to Central Station – the main 
station for all train services in Sydney.
By Light Rail
The CBD and South East Light Rail travels both 
directions along George Street to either Central or 
Circular Quay with regular services running every 
4-8 minutes. The closest stop is between Martin Place 
and the entrance to Wynyard.
By Bus
Buses operate predominately along routes on Elizabeth 
Street, Castlereagh Street, Park Street, Druitt Street, 
Clarence Street and York Street.
By Metro
Martin Place Metro Station is within walking distance 
from the office.
No.1 Martin Place, Sydney NSW
3 October 2025
Dear Unitholder
Charter Hall Retail REIT - Annual General Meeting
The directors of Charter Hall Retail Management 
Limited, the responsible entity of Charter Hall Retail 
REIT (“CQR” or the “REIT”), are pleased to invite all 
Unitholders to the 2025 Annual General Meeting of 
the REIT. The purpose of the Meeting is for the REIT to 
provide a briefing on its operations for the 2025 financial 
year and to consider the matters set out in the enclosed 
Notice of Meeting and Explanatory Memorandum.
The Meeting will be held on Thursday,  
30 October 2025 at 2.00pm (AEDT) at  
Charter Hall Group, Level 20, No.1 Martin Place, 
Sydney NSW 2000.
Please find enclosed the Notice of Meeting, 
Explanatory Memorandum, Proxy Form, 
and business reply envelope.
If you are attending the Meeting, please bring the 
attached Proxy Form with you as the barcode 
will assist in the registration process. If you are 
unable to attend, please complete and return 
your Proxy Form no later than 2.00pm (AEDT) on 
Tuesday, 28 October 2025 in accordance with 
the instructions on the attached Proxy Form.
Should you wish to submit questions before the 
meeting, Unitholders have the opportunity to do so 
and/or to address questions to me, as the Chair, and/
or our external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers 
(“PwC”), prior to the Meeting, please log on to MUFG 
Pension & Market Services ( “the Registry” ) website: 
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com/Login/Login . 
Once you have logged into your holding (you 
will need your SRN/HIN No. and postcode to log 
in), select Voting then click “Ask a Question”. 
Representatives from PwC will be present at the 
Meeting to respond to the questions received and to 
any additional questions you may have. Please note that 
written questions for PwC must be sent to, and received 
by, the Registry or the Responsible Entity no later than 
5.00pm (AEDT) on Wednesday, 22 October 2025 in 
accordance with the instructions on the website. 
If you require further information or have questions 
about voting, the Resolution or the upcoming Meeting, 
please contact the Registry, MUFG Corporate 
Markets (AU) Limited on +61 1300 303 063 (within and 
outside Australia).
I look forward to your participation at the Meeting.
Yours faithfully
Roger Davis  
Independent Chair
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited  
as responsible entity of the Charter Hall Retail REIT
Notice of 2025 Annual General Meeting of Unitholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Retail REIT
7 
Meeting Agenda 
Thursday, 30 October 2025
1:30pm 
Registration begins
2:00pm
Meeting commences
 – Chair’s welcome address
 – CQR Fund Manager & Retail CEO’s address
 – Items of Business
3:00pm
Light refreshments
The Meeting is an important event and we encourage 
Unitholders to actively participate. Important information 
about the conduct of the Meeting is set out on the right.
Notice of  
Meeting
Notice is hereby given that an annual general meeting of 
Unitholders of Charter Hall Retail REIT (“CQR” or “REIT”) 
will be held at Level 20, No.1 Martin Place, Sydney NSW 
2000 at 2.00pm (AEDT), on Thursday, 30 October 2025. 
Registration shall commence at 1:30pm on Thursday, 30 
October 2025.
Important Information:
1. The Resolution should be read in conjunction with 
the Explanatory Memorandum which follows.
2. Certain terms and abbreviations used below 
are defined in the Glossary at page 10 of this 
Notice of Meeting.
3. The Meeting will be held in accordance with 
the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules and the 
REIT’s Constitution. A copy of the REIT’s current 
Constitution can be found on the Charter Hall 
Group’s website (at https://www.charterhall.com.au/
corp-governance/corporate-governance-retail-reit ).
The business of the Meeting is as follows:
Business:
Resolution 1 - Election of Independent Director
To consider, and if thought fit, pass the following 
resolution, as an advisory, non-binding resolution 
of Unitholders:
“That Mr Paul Craig be elected as a director of Charter 
Hall Retail Management Limited” .
Resolution 2 – Re-election of Independent Director
To consider, and if thought fit, pass the following 
resolution, as an advisory, non-binding resolution of 
the Unitholders:
“That Ms Sue Palmer be re-elected as a director of 
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited”.
Entitlement to Attend and Vote
The Directors have determined that the holding of each 
Unitholder for the purposes of ascertaining the voting 
entitlements for the Meeting will be as it appears in the 
Register at 7.00pm (AEDT) on Tuesday, 28 October 2025.
Quorum
Under the Constitution, the required quorum for the 
Meeting is two (2) Unitholders present in person or 
by proxy.
Meeting  
Protocol
Discussion and asking questions
Discussion will take place on the business of the 
Meeting as set out below.
The Explanatory Memorandum provides further 
information relating to the items of business of 
the Meeting.
Unitholders will have the opportunity to ask questions 
at the Meeting, including an opportunity to ask 
questions of the Auditor.
To ensure that as many Unitholders as possible have 
the opportunity to speak, Unitholders are requested to 
observe the following guidelines:
 –  Please keep questions as brief as possible and 
relevant to the matters being discussed.
 –  If a Unitholder has more than one question, please 
ask all questions at the same time.
Unitholders who are unable to attend the 
Meeting are invited to do so. Please log onto  
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com/Login/Login , 
select “Voting” then click “Ask a Question”.
An opportunity for discussion will be provided on 
each item of business prior to Unitholders being 
asked to vote.
Webcast 
For those that may not be able to attend the Meeting, 
a live webcast (audio and presentation only) will be 
made available. 
To view the webcast:
1. Enter https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/300-397-
626-217 
Meeting ID 300-397-626-217
2. Enter your name and email address
3. Select “Continue”
An on-demand webcast will be made available 
after completion of the event and can viewed here  
https://www.charterhall.com.au/investor-centre/charter-
hall-retail-reit/results-publications#financial-results--
annual-unitholders-meetings
Photography
Cameras and recording devices are not permitted 
at the Meeting.
No.1 Martin Place, Sydney NSW
Notice of 2025 Annual General Meeting of Unitholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Retail REIT
9 
Explanatory Memorandum
Election and Re-election of Independent Directors
In 2011, the Board of CHRML adopted following corporate governance review, a term limit of three years, with 
a maximum of four terms, be implemented for independent directors of CHRML. The recommendation that be 
implemented on a rolling basis with one independent director being considered for re -appointment every year and 
that the Unitholders be asked to ratify any such appointment by a non -binding vote.
Under CHRML’s Constitution, only the Directors of CHRML or the shareholders of CHRML may appoint a Director 
of CHRML. While the Unitholders are being asked to vote in relation to the ratification of the appointment of Mr 
Craig and re-election of Ms Palmer as Directors of CHRML, unitholders should note that this resolution is advisory 
only and is non-binding on CHRML, its shareholders or the Directors. The Directors do, however, intend to give due 
consideration to the results of these resolutions to determine the composition of the Board.
On 4 July 2025 Mr Paul Craig was appointed as an independent director and a member of the Audit Risk and 
Compliance Committee.
Ms Sue Palmer was appointed as a Director of CHRML on 10 November 2015. This will constitute Ms Palmer’s 
fourth term of office as a Director of CHRML. This will be Ms Palmer’s final term in line with the cap of four terms for 
independent directors as adopted by the Directors of CHRML.
Information about the background and experience of each Director standing for election or re-election is set 
out below:
Resolution 1
Paul Craig – Independent Director 
Paul joined the Board of CQR on 4 July 2025.
With more than 30 years’ experience in commercial 
industrial and retail investments and was most recently 
the CEO of Savills Australia & New Zealand, a role he 
held since 2016.
Prior to being appointed as CEO, Paul was the Head 
of Cross Border Investments and Managing Director 
of Savills Western Australia and Capital Transactions 
for 15 years. Paul commenced his retail property 
management experience with Colliers Jardine and has 
successful track record spans commercial, industrial, 
and retail transactions, including as Head of Property 
Management at both Savills and Colliers WA.
Paul holds a Diploma of Property.
Board recommendation
In recommending Mr Craig’s election, the Board 
took into account Mr Craig’s skills and experience 
in commercial retail transactions, investments 
and management.
The Board believes that Mr Craig is independent 
of character and judgement and brings invaluable 
experience and expertise to the Board. 
 
The Directors (other than Mr Paul Craig) recommend 
the ratification by the Unitholders of the appointment 
of Mr Paul Craig as a Director of CHRML.
Resolution 2
Sue Palmer - Independent Director 
Sue joined the Board of CQR on 10 November 2015.
With more than 40 years’ corporate and finance 
experience, Sue is a professional non-executive 
director and held senior finance roles across a range of 
diversified industries during her executive career.
During her executive career and subsequently, Sue has 
held a number of non- executive director roles on ASX 
listed, government and private company boards. Sue 
has a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of 
Queensland. She is a Chartered Accountant and Fellow 
of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
Board recommendation
In recommending Ms Palmer’s re-election, the Board 
took into account Ms Palmer’s extensive financial and 
commercial expertise and skills and contributions Ms 
Palmer makes as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee.
The Board believes that Ms Palmer has retained 
her independence of character and judgement and 
continues to bring invaluable experience and expertise 
to the Board. 
 
The Directors (other than Ms Sue Palmer) recommend 
the ratification by the Unitholders of the appointment of 
Ms Sue Palmer as a Director of CHRML.
Notice of 2025 Annual General Meeting of Unitholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Retail REIT
Voting by Proxy
A Unitholder is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and 
vote on behalf of the Unitholder at the Meeting. A proxy 
need not be a Unitholder of the REIT.
A Unitholder entitled to cast two or more votes at the 
Meeting may appoint two proxies and specify the 
proportion or number of votes each proxy is appointed 
to exercise. If the Unitholder appoints two proxies and 
does not specify the proportion or number of votes 
each proxy may exercise, then each proxy may exercise 
half of the votes.
A Proxy Form is attached to this Notice of Meeting. To 
be valid, Proxy Forms, and the authority under which 
any form appointing a proxy is signed or a certified 
copy of that authority (if any), must be received at the 
office of the Registry or at the registered office of CQR; 
no later than 2.00pm (AEDT) on Tuesday 28 October 
2025 in accordance with the instructions listed on the 
attached Proxy Form.
Please note that certified copies of authorities or 
powers of attorney cannot be received by facsimile and 
may only be received by mail or by hand delivery.
The offices of MUFG Pension & Market Services are at:
Liberty Place, Level 41 
161 Castlereagh St  
Sydney NSW 2000
It is preferred Unitholders lodge their Proxy Form online 
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com/Login/Login  
by entering their holding details as shown on the Proxy 
Form and postcode, then selecting ‘Voting’, and then 
following the prompts to lodge their vote. To use the 
online lodgment facility, Unitholders will need their 
“Holder Identifier” (Securityholder Reference Number 
(SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN)).
If a Unitholder returns their Proxy Form but does not 
nominate a representative, the Chair of the Meeting 
will be that Unitholder’s proxy and will vote on that 
Unitholder’s behalf as directed on the Proxy Form. If the 
Unitholder’s nominated representative does not attend 
the Meeting, then that Unitholder’s proxy will revert to 
the Chair of the Meeting who may vote as he thinks fit in 
relation to any motion or resolution other than those (if 
any) in respect of which an indication of the manner of 
voting is given on that Unitholder’s Proxy Form.
Undirected Proxies
Where permitted by law, the Chair of the Meeting 
intends to vote undirected proxies in favour of the 
Resolution in the Notice of Meeting.
Voting by Attorney
A Unitholder may appoint an attorney to vote on his/
her behalf. For an appointment to be effective for the 
Meeting, the instrument effecting the appointment (or 
a certified copy of it) must be received by the Registry 
using the contact details listed above in the section 
headed “Voting by Proxy” no later than 2.00pm (AEDT) 
on Tuesday 28 October 2025. Please note that certified 
copies of authorities or powers of attorney cannot be 
received by facsimile and may only be received by mail 
or by hand delivery.
Corporate Representatives
A body corporate which is a Unitholder, or which 
has been appointed as a proxy, may appoint an 
individual to act as its representative at the Meeting. 
The appointment must comply with the requirements 
of section 253B of the Corporations Act. The 
representative should email evidence of his or her 
appointment, including any authority under which it 
is signed, unless it has previously been given to the 
Registry.
Voting at the Meeting
Voting on the Resolution at this Meeting will be 
conducted by poll.
Voting at the Meeting
Voting on the Resolution at this Meeting will be 
conducted by poll.
By order of the Board 
Rebekah Hourigan  
Company Secretary
3 October 2025
11 
Contact  
Details
Registry
To access information on your holding or update/
change your details including name, address, tax 
file number, payment instructions and document 
requests, contact:
MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Locked Bag A14 
Sydney South NSW 1235
Tel: +61 1300 303 063 (within and outside Australia)
E-mail: charterhall@cm.mpms.mufg.com  
Web:  https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com/
Login/Login
Investor relations
All other enquiries related to Charter Hall Retail REIT 
can be directed to Investor Relations:
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited
GPO Box 2704 
Sydney NSW 2001
Tel: +61 1300 365 585 (within and outside Australia)
E-mail: reits@charterhall.com.au  
Web: charterhall.com.au
Corporate  
Directory
Responsible Entity and Manager
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited 
ABN 46 069 709 468 
AFSL 246996
Registered office
Level 20, No.1 Martin Place  
Sydney NSW 2000
Directors of the Responsible Entity
Roger Davis (Chair) 
Ben Ellis 
Michael Gorman  
David Harrison 
Sue Palmer 
Paul Craig
CQR Fund Manager & Retail CEO
Ben Ellis
Company Secretary
Mark Bryant / Rebekah Hourigan
Responsible Entity’s office 
Level 20, No.1 Martin Place  
Sydney NSW 2000 
GPO Box 2704 
Sydney NSW 2001
Tel: +61 1300 365 585 (within and outside Australia)
E-mail: reits@charterhall.com.au  
Web: charterhall.com.au/cqr
ASX code: CQR
Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers
One International Towers Sydney  
Watermans Quay, Barangaroo  
Sydney NSW 2000
Glossary and  
Interpretation
Glossary
ASX ASX Limited or the market operated by it, as the context requires
Board Board of Directors of CHRML
Charter Hall Group The stapled entity comprising Charter Hall Limited (ACN 113 531 150) and  
Charter Hall Property Trust (ARSN 113 339 147)
CHRML or the 
Responsible Entity
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited (ACN 069 709 468)
Constitution The constitution of the REIT
Corporations Act The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) as amended from time to time
Directors The directors of the CHRML
Explanatory 
Memorandum
The explanatory memorandum that accompanies this Notice of Meeting
Independent Directors Roger Davis, Sue Palmer, Paul Craig and Michael Gorman
Listing Rules The Listing Rules of ASX
Meeting or Annual 
General Meeting
The 2025 annual general meeting of Unitholders of the REIT to be held  
at 2.00pm (AEDT), Thursday, 30 October 2025
Notice of Meeting This notice of Meeting and any notice of any adjournment of the Meeting
Proxy Form The proxy form attached to this Notice of Meeting
PwC PricewaterhouseCoopers
Register The register of Unitholders as maintained by the Registry
Registry MUFG Pension & Market Services
REIT Charter Hall Retail REIT (ARSN 093 143 965), listed on the ASX ticker code “CQR”
Resolution Resolution 1 included in this Notice of Meeting
Unitholder Registered holder of units in the REIT
Interpretation
The following rules apply unless the context requires otherwise: 
a. The singular includes the plural, and the converse also applies.
b. If a word or phrase is defined, its other grammatical forms have a corresponding meaning.
c. A reference to legislation or to a provision of legislation includes a modification or re-enactment of it,  
a legislative provision substituted for it and a regulation or statutory instrument issued under it.
Notice of 2025 Annual General Meeting of Unitholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Retail REIT
charterhall.com.au/cqr
CQR PRX2501N
*CQR PRX2501N*
I/We being a member(s) of Charter Hall Retail REIT ( REIT) and entitled to attend and vote hereby appoint:
PROXY FORM
STEP 1STEP 3This form should be signed by the unitholder. If a joint holding, either unitholder may sign. If signed by the unitholder’s attorney, the power of 
attorney must have been previously noted by the registry or a certified copy attached to this form. If executed by a company, the form must 
be executed in accordance with the company’s constitution and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Unitholder 1 (Individual) Joint Unitholder 2 (Individual) Joint Unitholder 3 (Individual)
Sole Director and Sole Company Secretary Director/Company Secretary (Delete one) Director
SIGNATURE OF UNITHOLDERS – THIS MUST BE COMPLETED
STEP 2
Proxies will only be valid and accepted by the REIT if they are signed and received no later than 48 hours before the Meeting.
Please read the voting instructions overleaf before marking any boxes with an  T
*  If you mark the Abstain box for a particular Item, you are directing your proxy not to vote on your behalf on a show of hands or on a poll and your 
votes will not be counted in computing the required majority on a poll.
1 Election of Independent  
Director – Mr Paul Craig
1 Re-election of Independent  
Director – Ms Sue Palmer
Resolution
VOTING DIRECTIONS
For Against Abstain*
LODGE YOUR VOTE
 ONLINE
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
 BY MAIL
Charter Hall Retail REIT
C/- MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Locked Bag A14
Sydney South NSW 1235 Australia
 
BY FAX
+61 2 9287 0309
 BY HAND
MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited  
Parramatta Square, Level 22, Tower 6,  
10 Darcy Street, Parramatta NSW 2150; or
Liberty Place, Level 41
161 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000
 ALL ENQUIRIES TO 
Telephone: +61 1300 303 063
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited 
ABN 46 069 709 468  AFSL 246996 
As responsible entity for Charter Hall Retail REIT
ARSN 093 143 965
or failing the person or body corporate named, or if no person or body corporate is named, the Chair of the Meeting, as my/our proxy to act 
on my/our behalf (including to vote in accordance with the following directions or, if no directions have been given and to the extent permitted 
by the law, as the proxy sees fit) at the Annual General Meeting of the Unitholders to be held at 2:00pm (AEDT) on Thursday,  
30 October 2025 at Charter Hall Group, Level 20, No. 1 Martin Place, Sydney NSW 2000 (the Meeting) and at any postponement or 
adjournment of the Meeting.
You can participate by attending in person or via the webcast at 
https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/300-397-626-217
Meeting ID: 300-397-626-217
The Chairman of the Meeting intends to vote undirected proxies in favour of the resolution.
APPOINT A PROXY
the Chairman of the 
Meeting (mark box)
OR if you are NOT appointing the Chairman of the Meeting 
as your proxy, please write the name of the person or 
body corporate you are appointing as your proxy
Name
*X99999999999*
X99999999999
SAMPLE
HOW TO COMPLETE THIS UNITHOLDER PROXY FORM
LODGEMENT OF A PROXY FORM
This Proxy Form (and any Power of Attorney under which it is signed) 
must be received at an address given below by 2:00pm (AEDT) on 
Tuesday, 28 October 2025,  being not later than 48 hours before the 
commencement of the Meeting. Any Proxy Form received after that 
time will not be valid for the scheduled Meeting. 
Proxy Forms may be lodged using the reply paid envelope or:
 ONLINE
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
Login to the Investor Centre using the holding details as shown 
on the Voting/Proxy Form. Select ‘Voting’ and follow the 
prompts to lodge your vote. To use the online lodgement facility, 
shareholders will need their “Holder Identifier” - Securityholder 
Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN).
BY MOBILE DEVICE
Our voting website is designed specifically 
for voting online. You can now lodge your 
vote by scanning the QR code adjacent or 
enter the voting link 
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.
com into your mobile device. Log in using 
the Holder Identifier and postcode for your 
shareholding.
QR Code
To scan the code you will need a QR code reader application 
which can be downloaded for free on your mobile device.
 BY MAIL
Charter Hall Retail REIT
C/- MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Locked Bag A14
Sydney South NSW 1235
Australia
 BY FAX 
+61 2 9287 0309
 BY HAND
delivering it to MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited* 
Parramatta Square
Level 22, Tower 6
10 Darcy Street
Parramatta NSW 2150
or 
Liberty Place
Level 41
161 Castlereagh Street 
Sydney NSW 2000
*During business hours Monday to Friday (9:00am - 5:00pm)
YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS
This is your name and address as it appears on the REIT’s unit register. 
If this information is incorrect, please make the correction on the form. 
Unitholders sponsored by a broker should advise their broker of any 
changes. Please note: you cannot change ownership of your units 
using this form.
APPOINTMENT OF PROXY
If you wish to appoint the Chair of the Meeting as your proxy, mark the 
box in Step 1. If you wish to appoint someone other than the Chair of the 
Meeting as your proxy, please write the name and email address of that 
individual or body corporate in Step 1. A proxy need not be a unitholder 
of the REIT.
DEFAULT TO CHAIR OF THE MEETING
Any directed proxies that are not voted on a poll at the Meeting will default 
to the Chair of the Meeting, who is required to vote those proxies as 
directed. Any undirected proxies that default to the Chair of the Meeting 
will be voted according to the instructions set out in this Proxy Form.
VOTES ON ITEMS OF BUSINESS – PROXY APPOINTMENT
You may direct your proxy how to vote by placing a mark in one of the 
boxes opposite each item of business. All your units will be voted in 
accordance with such a direction unless you indicate only a portion of 
voting rights are to be voted on any item by inserting the percentage or 
number of units you wish to vote in the appropriate box or boxes. If you 
do not mark any of the boxes on the items of business, your proxy may 
vote as he or she chooses. If you mark more than one box on an item your 
vote on that item will be invalid.
APPOINTMENT OF A SECOND PROXY
You are entitled to appoint up to two persons as proxies to attend the 
Meeting and vote on a poll. If you wish to appoint a second proxy, an 
additional Proxy Form may be obtained by telephoning the REIT’s unit 
registry or you may copy this form and return them both together.
To appoint a second proxy you must:
(a) on each of the first Proxy Form and the second Proxy Form state the 
percentage of your voting rights or number of units applicable to that 
form. If the appointments do not specify the percentage or number of 
votes that each proxy may exercise, each proxy may exercise half your 
votes. Fractions of votes will be disregarded; and
(b) return both forms together.
SIGNING INSTRUCTIONS
You must sign this form as follows in the spaces provided:
Individual:  where the holding is in one name, the holder must sign.
Joint Holding:  where the holding is in more than one name, either 
unitholder may sign.
Power of Attorney:  to sign under Power of Attorney, you must lodge the 
Power of Attorney with the registry. If you have not previously lodged this 
document for notation, please attach a certified photocopy of the Power 
of Attorney to this form when you return it.
Companies:  where the company has a Sole Director who is also the Sole 
Company Secretary, this form must be signed by that person. If the 
company (pursuant to section 204A of the