Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 21 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 34 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 37 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 79 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 79 Item 9B Other Information 79 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 79 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 80 Item 11 Executive Compensation 81 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 81 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 82 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 82 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 83 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 85 Signatures 86 i Table of Contents PA RT I CAU TIONARY NOTE REGARDING STATEMENTS Certain written and oral statements made by management of Paychex, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (“Paychex,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) may constitute “ statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States (“U.S.”) Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. statements can be identified by such words and phrases as “aim,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “outlook,” “will,” “would,” “guidance,” “projections,” “strategy,” “mission,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “design,” “future,” “may,” “might,” “opportunities,” “target,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “purpose,” “should,” “view,” “see,” and other similar words or phrases. statements include, without limitation, all matters that are not historical facts. Examples of statements include, among others, statements we make regarding operating performance, events, or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, including statements relating to our outlook, revenue growth, earnings, growth, and similar projections. statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, and other future conditions. Because statements relate to the future, they are subject to known and unknown uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances, and other factors that are difficult to predict, many of which are outside our control. Our actual performance and outcomes, including without limitation, our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in or suggested by the statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the statements include, among others, the following: • our ability to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our solutions and support; • risks related to our use of artificial intelligence ("AI") and new technologies in our business; • software defects, undetected errors, and development delays for our solutions; • the possibility of cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities or Internet disruptions, including data security and privacy leaks and data loss and business interruptions; • the possibility of failure of our business continuity plan during a catastrophic event; • the failure of service providers to perform their functions; • the possibility that we may be exposed to additional risks related to our relationship with our professional employer organization (“PEO”) business; • changes in health insurance and workers’ compensation insurance rates and underlying claim trends; • risks related to acquisitions and the integration and performance of the businesses we acquire; • our customers’ failure to reimburse us for payments made by us on their behalf; • the effect of changes in government regulations mandating the amount of tax withheld or the timing of remittances; • our failure to comply with covenants in our corporate bonds and debt agreements; • changes in our credit ratings; • changes in governmental regulations, laws, and policies; • our ability to comply with U.S., state, and foreign laws and regulations; • our compliance with data privacy and AI laws and regulations; • our failure to protect our intellectual property rights; • potential outcomes related to pending or future litigation matters; • the impact of macroeconomic factors on the U.S. and global economy, and in particular on our small- and business customers; • volatility in the political, market, and economic environment, including inflation and interest rate changes; • our ability to attract and retain qualified people; and • the possible effects of negative publicity on our reputation and the value of our brand. 1 Table of Contents Any of these factors, as well as such other factors as discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” and throughout Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K (“Form 10-K”), and in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), could cause our actual results to differ materially from our anticipated results. The information provided in this Form 10‑K is based upon the facts and circumstances known as of the date of this report, and any statements made by us in this Form 10‑K speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements after the date of filing this Form 10-K with the SEC to reflect events or circumstances after such date, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Our investor presentation regarding the financial results for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2026 is available and accessible on our Paychex Investor Relations portal at https://investor.paychex.com . Information available on our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Form 10-K. We intend to make future investor presentations available exclusively on our Paychex Investor Relations portal. Item 1. Business Unless we state otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms “Paychex,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” and “us” refer to Paychex, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. Overview We are an human capital management (“HCM”) company providing comprehensive technology and advisory solutions in human resources (“HR”), payroll processing, employee benefits, and insurance. As of May 31, 2026, we served approximately 840,000 total customers across the U.S. and parts of Europe, of which approximately 800,000 are payroll clients. Paychex was incorporated in Delaware in 1979, maintains dual corporate headquarters in Rochester, New York and Cincinnati, Ohio, and has a fiscal year that ends on May 31st. Effective human capital management requires significant resources and expertise. Organizations face a rapidly evolving employment landscape including an increasing number and complexity of federal, state, and local regulations; the integration of AI into HCM processes; changing workforce dynamics; increasing medical inflation; and challenges attracting and retaining talent. Changing workplace dynamics include increasingly distributed, mobile workforces as well as employee expectations for user experiences similar to applications. We specialize in helping customers succeed in this rapidly evolving environment. What sets us apart in the industry is our comprehensive suite of solutions, deep advisory expertise, and differentiated access to a large and growing proprietary dataset. Paychex offers a full range of integrated HCM solutions from hire to retire, for businesses and their employees, with configurable options designed to meet a wide range of business sizes and complexities. We believe our solutions address the entire employee life cycle, while also enabling integrations with popular HR, accounting, enterprise resource planning (“ERP”), and applications. Key features of our solutions include: • Comprehensive HCM platforms optimized to meet customers' HR and payroll needs; • capabilities through WISE, our workforce intelligence engine, which leverages our large proprietary datasets to help automate workflows, enhance decision making, and increase productivity across our solutions and operations; • Expertise in HR and payroll backed by approximately 250 compliance experts and over 650 HR business professionals; • Streamlined workforce management that combines technology with flexible, support options; • Modern, mobile, and intuitive user experience with capabilities; and • Scalable and customizable platforms that provide customers the flexibility to add solutions as they grow. We market our solutions through a combination of direct and virtual sales forces, supported by referrals from channel partners and existing customers, as well as digital lead generation and marketing initiatives. Over 60% of our revenue is derived from solutions other than payroll processing. 2 Table of Contents On April 14, 2025, we completed our acquisition of Paycor HCM, Inc. ("Paycor"), a leading provider of HCM, payroll and talent software. This acquisition expanded our presence upmarket, increased opportunities, and enhanced our suite of HCM solutions. Company Strategy Our strategy is to be the digitally driven HR leader by serving as an essential partner to customers through technology and advisory solutions for HR, payroll, employee benefits, and insurance. We believe that successfully executing this strategy will lead to strong, financial performance. We intend to strengthen and extend our position as a leading provider through continued investments in both our innovative technology and HR advisory solutions. Key elements of our strategy include: • Growing our customer base. We operate in a large and growing market, with significant potential to expand within our current target markets. To support this growth, we invest in demand generation, sales tools, and initiatives, including channel partnerships, ecommerce, and digital marketing. We also intend to grow our customer base by expanding sales of solutions beyond our payroll client base and by developing additional standalone offerings that can be sold independently of our core payroll and HCM solutions. • Expanding our share of wallet. We intend to expand our share of wallet by increasing penetration of our HCM software, HR outsourcing, retirement, and insurance offerings, while also broadening the range of solutions we offer to clients. • Driving technology innovation . We continue to invest significantly in our proprietary technology, HCM platforms, advisory solutions and benefits to maximize value for our customers and their employees. We have a robust roadmap focused on enhancing our ability to address the needs of current and prospective customers. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on AI opportunities through our large and growing data sets, predictive analytics and AI models, and continued investments to increase efficiency, enhance the customer experience, support better outcomes and create growth opportunities. • Pursuing strategic acquisitions . We utilize acquisitions, when appropriate, as a means to expand our portfolio, enter new markets, or increase our scale. We will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions that are aligned with our overall strategy. Our Customers We provide HCM solutions to a diverse customer base operating in a broad range of industries throughout the U.S. and parts of Europe. The flexibility and scalability of our solutions enable our customers to select the best solution that meets their needs. We utilize service agreements and arrangements with customers that generally do not contain specified contract periods and may be terminated by either party with 30-days’ notice. We believe client retention is a useful indicator of client satisfaction with our solutions and support. For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2026 (“fiscal 2026”), our payroll client retention was in the range of 82% to 83% of our beginning client base. Our Solutions We provide a differentiated combination of innovative technology solutions and deep advisory expertise spanning compliance, HR and benefits that help customers more effectively attract, develop, and retain talent in a challenging labor environment. Clients have the option of processing payroll online using our technology, outsourcing to our payroll specialists, or using a combination of these methods. Payroll is integrated with HCM software modules for customers who have more complex HR needs. We continue to invest in our solutions to enhance the customer and employee experiences from hire to retire. We also provide comprehensive HR outsourcing through our administrative services organization (“ASO”) and professional employer organization (“PEO”) solutions. We support approximately 2.6 million worksite employees with our HR Outsourcing Solutions. We have over 650 HR business professionals who are dedicated to our customers and have the experience and training to provide HR best practices and advice. HR business professionals are available to provide our ASO and PEO customers with guidance on HR issues. The integration of technology and flexible support options enables us to meet our customers’ needs, from the tactical to the strategic. Building on our advisory strength, we launched WISE, Workforce Intelligence Strengthened by Expertise, our intelligence engine that extends our existing capabilities into agentic AI. As of May 31, 2026, WISE powers approximately 600 AI features and agents across our solutions and operations. By embedding agents into the flow of work, WISE moves beyond insight and assistance to autonomous execution for clients. We believe this enables us to scale our expertise, enhance productivity, 3 Table of Contents and deliver better client outcomes, all with oversight and strong governance. For more than 50 years, we have been at the center of HR, payroll, and benefits, giving us access to a vast, proprietary, and growing dataset. WISE now draws on more than 26 trillion data points, helping make our solutions smarter, more relevant, and more proactive. We closely monitor the evolving challenges and needs of our customers, and proactively aid our customers in navigating macroeconomic challenges, legislative changes, and other complexities they may face. Over the past year, top challenges for employers were macroeconomic pressures including inflation and interest rates, availability of qualified talent, providing affordable benefits, keeping technology current, and ensuring legal and regulatory compliance. We have approximately 250 compliance professionals who are in contact with tax agencies and regulators to understand upcoming or newly enacted laws and regulations. These compliance experts help ensure that our HCM solutions are updated in a timely fashion to reflect applicable regulations and to support our customers stay in compliance. Management Solutions: We offer a comprehensive portfolio of HCM technology and HR advisory solutions that enable our customers to meet their diverse HR and payroll needs. • HCM technology: We deliver an integrated suite of HCM solutions through three technology platforms that enable seamless workforce management throughout the employee life cycle from recruiting and hiring to retirement. SurePayroll ® serves the digitally driven small business market. Paychex Flex ® is our proprietary HCM SaaS platform for small and businesses. Paycor ® is our primary HCM platform for larger businesses with more complex needs. Customers can select the modules they need and configure solutions as they grow including Payroll, HR, Talent Acquisition, Talent Management, Benefits Administration, Workforce Management, and Partner Marketplaces. • Payroll solutions: Serving approximately 800,000 payroll clients, we pay 1 in 11 U.S. private sector workers and moved approximately $1.3 trillion last fiscal year. Our payroll processing solutions include the calculation, preparation, and delivery of employee payroll checks; production of internal accounting records and management reports; preparation of federal, state, and local payroll tax returns; and collection and remittance of clients’ payroll obligations. Our powerful calculation engine enables fast and accurate payroll processing. We provide employers the option of paying their employees by direct deposit, payroll debit card, a check drawn on a Paychex account, or a check drawn on the employer’s account and electronically signed by us, or by ACH. We give employees flexibility to access earned wages before the scheduled pay date. • HR management: A comprehensive suite of HCM tools spanning HR, regulatory compliance, compensation management, employee surveys, expense management, reporting and analytics. Robust workflows and approval capabilities help leaders expedite and automate their most common tasks. Digital communication and engagement solutions help strengthen connections and keep associates engaged. • Talent acquisition: Innovative set of tools designed to streamline and optimize the entire hiring process, from sourcing and attracting candidates to managing the recruiting process. This solution empowers HR teams to efficiently manage talent acquisition, improve , and make decisions to build a workforce. • Talent management: Powerful tools for managing employee development and retention, spanning performance management, HR compliance, career development, and reporting. We offer businesses the flexibility to capture ongoing performance feedback, recommend and enroll employees in specific training courses, and leverage automated workflows to track progress and approve compensation changes tied to performance. • Workforce management : Comprehensive workforce management solutions designed to optimize labor costs and enhance productivity through integrated time and attendance, scheduling, and labor management tools. Embedded within our core platforms, these capabilities include job costing, labor distribution, expense management and employee tools such as mobile and shift trading. For enterprise 4 Table of Contents customers, our solution includes automation, analytics, and capabilities such as labor forecasting, scheduling recommendations, overtime insights, and timesheet review and approval workflows. • Benefits administration : Software that provides comprehensive benefit administration capabilities for streamlined plan , configuration, and management. It facilitates a simplified and engaging experience for employees during open enrollment and for life changes through intuitive tools. The platform supports a wide array of benefit types, including group health, FSA/HSA, and voluntary benefits, and includes features for compliance management, such as COBRA administration. It features robust reporting and analytics for administrators and ensures data accuracy through seamless direct carrier connectivity, which automates the transfer of enrollment information to benefit carriers. • Partner marketplaces : Perks is a curated digital marketplace for affordable, transferable employee benefits, including early access to earned wages, financial wellness solutions, and voluntary lifestyle benefits. Our Marketplaces provide businesses access to applications and trusted technology partners to seamlessly connect their favorite solutions. • ASO solutions: Our ASO HR outsourcing solutions enable businesses to outsource and simplify HR administration and compliance support. These bundled services combine integrated HCM technology solutions and HR advisory services delivered virtually and by professionally trained HR representatives. Customers can choose from different levels of HR outsourcing, ranging from our HR support to . We offer these solutions to both payroll and customers. • Retirement solutions: We are a leading 401(k) recordkeeper for businesses in the U.S., serving over 130,000 customers and managing $66 billion of retirement assets. Our retirement solutions offer a variety of options to employers, including 401(k) plans, SIMPLE and SEP IRAs, and Pooled Employer Plans, among others. These solutions provide plan implementation, ongoing compliance with government regulations, employee and employer reporting, participant and employer online access, electronic funds transfer, and other administrative services. Customers may choose from a group of fund selections or customize their investment options within their plan. Our retirement solutions include relationships with financial advisors. • Funding solutions: We offer various funding solutions. Our wholly owned subsidiary, Paychex Advance, LLC, provides a portfolio of solutions to the temporary staffing industry, including payroll funding (via the purchase of accounts receivable). Alterna Capital Solutions, LLC, offers funding to small businesses through the purchase of outstanding accounts receivable balances under agreements. PEO and Insurance Solutions: We provide PEO and insurance solutions designed to help our customers’ manage HR, employee benefits, and business insurance needs. • PEO solutions: Our licensed PEO subsidiaries provide businesses with a comprehensive HR outsourcing solution that includes payroll, HR, employee benefits administration, retirement, insurance, risk management outsourcing, and access to professionally trained HR representatives, both virtually and . PEO solutions differ from our ASO solutions in that we serve as a of our customers’ employees and assume the risks and rewards of certain workers’ compensation insurance and certain health insurance offerings. We are certified under the Small Business Efficiency Act to provide PEO solutions. Our insurance offerings are designed to help business owners protect their bottom line from unforeseen costs, including cyberattacks and employee lawsuits. • Insurance solutions: Our licensed insurance agency, Paychex Insurance Agency, Inc., provides insurance through a variety of carriers, allowing employers to expand their employee benefit and corporate offerings at an affordable cost. Insurance offerings include property and casualty coverage such as workers’ compensation, policies, cybersecurity protection, commercial auto, and health and benefits coverage, including health, dental, vision, and life. Our insurance solutions are designed to simplify the insurance process and help customers identify plans with features and pricing that meet their needs. With access to numerous top national and regional insurance carriers, our professional insurance agents have access to a wide selection of plans to best meet the insurance needs of small businesses. Customers can also integrate their insurance plans with Paychex payroll processing for easy, accurate plan administration. 5 Table of Contents Sales and Marketing We market and sell our solutions primarily through our direct sales force based in the markets we serve. Our direct sales force includes field and inside sales representatives who specialize within our portfolio of solutions. Our sales representatives are also supported by marketing, advertising, public relations, and various other demand generation programs. In addition to our direct selling and marketing efforts, we utilize indirect sales channels, including referrals from existing customers, certified public accountants (“CPAs”), benefit brokers, and banks. More than 50% of our payroll clients come from these referral sources. Our dedicated business development group drives sales through banking and broker relationships, national associations, and franchise channels. Complementing our direct sales, our Embedded HCM Solution partnerships efficiently extend our distribution while providing a modern, holistic solution to customers. We also utilize digital marketing to promote our solutions. We have a partnership with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“AICPA”) as the preferred payroll provider for its AICPA Business Solutions ™ Program. Our current partnership agreement with the AICPA is in place through September 2027. We also partner with numerous state CPA society organizations. We provide a free online portal, Paychex Partner Pro, designed to provide accountants quick access to critical data, reporting, and insights for their clients using Paychex Flex. This innovative portal transforms how CPAs manage their portfolios by providing a centralized hub for accessing client payroll and HR data, resolving issues, and identifying missing information, empowering them to operate with greater efficiency and proactivity in serving their clients. We also have relationships with health insurance and retirement benefits brokers, including large national partners. We recently launched the Partner+ Program to foster broker relationships and drive mutual growth. We now have a broader suite of solutions to offer brokers, which can supplement their offerings to customers, and the Partner+ Program provides a structured framework designed to safeguard mutual customers from competing products. In addition, our Partner Portal provides brokers exclusive access to advanced HCM solutions, new revenue streams, and insights. Our corporate website is available at www.paychex.com , and is a channel that serves as a source of leads and new sales, while complementing the efforts of our direct, indirect, and virtual sales forces. The website enables us to market to existing and prospective customers who are interested in learning more about our solutions and support across human resources, payroll, benefits, and insurance. Paychex also provides educational resources to customers on regulatory developments, HR topics, and business practices. Paychex WORX and the Paycor HR Center for Excellence provide information on the latest trends, best practices, and industry benchmarks designed to drive business success. We also track current regulatory issues that impact the business community and provide regulatory updates. We issue small business trend reports through our monthly Paychex Small Business Employment Watch. Markets and Competition We remain focused on serving customers based upon the growth potential that we believe exists in the markets we serve. Census data indicates that in the U.S., there are over 6 million employer firms in our target markets. The market for HCM solutions is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with one primary national competitor as well as other national, international, regional, local, and online payroll providers. In addition to traditional payroll processing and HR solution providers, we compete with payroll and HR systems and departments. We believe our solutions also compete with a variety of providers of HR services, such as retirement solutions companies, insurance companies, HR and benefits consulting firms, and national and regional PEOs. Competition in the HCM industry is primarily based on the breadth of offerings, technology, ease of use, integration with applications, service model, and price. We believe we are competitive in each of these areas. We believe the breadth of our solutions combined with advisory support from industry professionals differentiates our offerings from those of our competitors. 6 Table of Contents Software Maintenance and Development The mandates of federal, state, and local tax and regulatory agencies require us to regularly update our proprietary software to provide payroll and HCM solutions to our customers. We are regularly engaged in developing enhancements to and maintaining our various software platforms to meet the changing requirements of our customers and the marketplace. We continue to enhance our solutions to offer our users an intelligent, efficient experience. Continued enhancement of the customer and employee experience is important to our future success. Human Capital We believe our ability to attract and retain qualified employees in all areas of our business is critical to our future success and growth. We strive to foster a workplace that promotes belonging and engagement and supports our ability to attract, retain, and develop talented employees while maintaining a safe working environment. We have dedicated resources to ensure that our efforts in building and sustaining a safe and inclusive culture are realized. For detailed information regarding our human capital activities, we encourage investors to visit our Corporate Responsibility website page at https://www.paychex.com/corporate/ . We have also made our Corporate Responsibility report available on our website. The information contained on our website and in our Corporate Responsibility report is not and should not be viewed as being incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. Our Employees: As of May 31, 2026, we employed approximately 17,600 people, primarily in the U.S. and on a basis. None of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced a strike or similar work stoppage, and we consider our relations with our employees to be amicable. Paychex Culture : Our cultural values (“Paychex Values”) are designed to guide decision making consistent with the expectations of customers, stockholders, regulators, employees, and communities in which we operate. The Paychex Values are: Integrity Accountability Innovation Partnership Respect Service Each of these values guide our and is critical to our ongoing success. All employees are required to verify their understanding and observance of these values during our annual “Right Way” training, review these values with management during periodic performance discussions, and are further encouraged to attend ongoing training during the year. Volunteer “Culture Champions” throughout the Company also help promote these values daily. We encourage employee feedback through our employee engagement surveys, as described below. This approach empowers our employees and enables us to make a positive impact in the communities where we work and serve. As a result of our commitment to these principles, in 2026 we were recognized by Ethisphere, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices, as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies. This recognition marks the 18th time and 15th consecutive year, that Paychex has been honored since the annual program began in 2007. Talent Acquisition and Development: We compete for talent with our direct competitors and other companies in the geographic areas we serve. We invest significant resources to attract and retain top talent. Our Talent Acquisition team, in conjunction with certain partners, has developed comprehensive processes to identify and recruit accomplished professionals. Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits: We are committed to providing a fair wage and a total rewards package that appropriately incentivizes our employees to achieve their best. We regularly review employee salaries to ensure we are competitive in the industry and offer financial benefits such as a 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan, tuition assistance, scholarships for children of employees, and financial education. We are also committed to rewarding employees with a comprehensive, competitive benefits package, which includes medical, prescription, dental, and vision insurance, short- and disability, employee assistance program, paid family leave, and a variety of programs. For fiscal 2026, compensation-related expenses accounted for approximately 52% of our total expenses. Employee Initiatives: In addition to providing a comprehensive compensation and benefits package, we are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for our employees. Healthier employees are at lower risk of injury from workplace related exposures, perform work more safely with lower rates of absenteeism, experience better job performance, and can live their lives more fully outside of work. Our robust program, focuses on the physical, emotional, community, career, and financial health of our employees. 7 Table of Contents Our initiatives offer a wide variety of services, tools, and resources that can help employees achieve their health goals using a holistic approach. In addition, we sponsor onsite health screenings, Red Cross blood donation events, flu vaccination clinics, vaping and tobacco cessation and weight management programs, meditation and yoga classes, and a variety of other programs. To support our employees’ financial we have developed programs for financial education and support. We maintain procedures for events such as fires, severe weather, medical emergencies, and active shooters, as well as other important information related to general workforce safety. Annually, we celebrate Paychex Culture Day, an additional paid day off for employees to celebrate and recognize a holiday that is significant to them. This is just one of the many ways we celebrate our employees’ unique heritages, and it reflects our Company's commitment to our staff. Employee Engagement : We regularly ask our employees to share their views on working at Paychex through engagement surveys. Facilitated internally by our Human Resources team, the survey methodology is periodically updated to reflect current trends and issues including company direction and strategy, inclusion, individual development, collaboration, and our Paychex Values. A administers the survey to maintain confidentiality of responses. We use the survey responses to help inform management and assist in developing programs and policies that will maintain and promote Paychex Values. Intellectual Property We own or license and use a number of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, computer programs and software, and other intellectual property rights. Collectively, our intellectual property rights are material to the conduct of our business. Where it is determined to be appropriate, we take measures to protect our intellectual property rights, including, but not limited to, confidentiality/ agreements or policies with employees, vendors, and others; license agreements with licensees and licensors of intellectual property; and registration of certain trademarks. We believe that the “Paychex” name, trademark, and logo are of material importance to us. Seasonality There is no significant seasonality to our business. However, during our third fiscal quarter, which ends in February, the number of new payroll clients, new retirement solutions customers, and new worksite employees associated with our HR Outsourcing businesses tends to be higher than during the rest of the fiscal year, primarily because many businesses prefer to start using our solutions at the beginning of a calendar year. In addition, calendar transaction processing and client funds activity are traditionally higher during our third fiscal quarter due to bonus payments, additional services, and the preparation and delivery of reporting requirements. Available Information We are subject to the informational and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that includes our reports, proxy statements, and other information. Our corporate website, www.paychex.com , provides materials for investors and information about our solutions. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other SEC filings, as well as any amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are made available, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into our Form 10-K. Also, copies of our Annual Report to Stockholders and Proxy Statement, to be issued in connection with our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, will be made available, free of charge, upon written request submitted to Paychex, Inc., c/o Corporate Secretary, 911 Panorama Trail South, Rochester, New York 14625-2396. 8 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Our future results of operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical and current results, and from our projections. The following risk factors represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our business and are important to understanding our business. This description reflects our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect us and our securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future. These are not the only risks we face. Additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may adversely affect, possibly to a material extent, our business, cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods. In addition, refer to the cautionary note regarding statements at the beginning of Part I of this Form 10-K. Business and Operational Risks We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our solutions and support. The market for our solutions is characterized by rapid technological advancements, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and changing industry standards. To maintain our growth strategy, we must adapt and respond to technological advances and technological requirements of our customers. Our future success will depend on our ability to: enhance our current solutions and introduce new solutions in order to keep pace with solutions offered by our competitors, including the successful utilization of AI technologies (including generative AI and machine learning solutions); enhance capabilities and increase the performance of our internal systems, particularly our systems that meet our customers’ requirements; and adapt to technological advancements and changing industry standards. We may pursue new target markets or implement new lines of business to grow our customer base, which may not be successful. For example, we intend to expand sales of solutions beyond our traditional payroll clients and to develop additional standalone offerings that can be sold independent of our core payroll and HCM solutions. In addition, we continue to make significant investments related to the development of new technology. If our systems or solutions become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost and innovation relative to our competitors. The failure to provide a more efficient and digital experience across internet and mobile platforms as well as in physical locations may adversely impact our business and operating results. There can be no assurance that our efforts to update and integrate systems will be successful. If we do not integrate and update our systems in a timely manner, if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, or if our efforts to target new markets or implement new lines of business are unsuccessful, there could be a material adverse effect to our business and results of operations. The failure to continually develop enhancements and use of technologies such as robotics and other workflow automation tools, natural language processing, and AI/machine learning may impact our ability to increase the efficiency of and reduce costs associated with operational risk management and compliance activities. Our use of AI technology and the incorporation of AI technology into our solutions carries risks and challenges that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We have and are increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into many of our solutions, enabled by WISE, and internal processes to enable our customers and our employees to improve efficiency, scalability, and productivity. The integration of AI into our solutions presents risks and challenges, including that we may be unable to integrate AI technologies into our solutions when or as we expect, that our customers do not welcome or realize the anticipated benefits of such technologies or may use AI technologies from other providers instead of using our services, that new AI technologies may disrupt our industry adding market pressure, that our solutions could produce inaccurate results or have other unintended consequences, or that our solutions may expose us to lawsuits, regulatory investigations, or other proceedings, and subject us to legal liability as well as brand and reputational harm, all of which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. While AI technologies may offer significant benefits, they also create risks and challenges. Although we implement measures to address the accuracy and appropriate use of AI tools, including internal AI policies and training, these efforts may not always be successful. Use of AI tools that introduce bias, errors, hallucinations (false, misleading, or fabricated text purporting to be factual), as well as any failure by our employees, contractors, or partners to adhere to our AI policies, or inappropriate use of AI, could result in violations of confidentiality obligations, ethical considerations, laws, or regulations, jeopardize our intellectual property rights, or expose our solutions or business systems to defects and malware, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 9 Table of Contents We may experience software defects, undetected errors, and development delays, which could damage our relationship with customers, decrease our potential profitability and expose us to liability. Our solutions rely on software and computing systems, including generative and agentic AI solutions, that can encounter development delays, complexities with integrating new technologies, and the underlying software may contain undetected errors, bias, viruses, or defects. Defects in our solutions, errors or delays caused by our solutions and generative AI solutions not working as anticipated could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability. In addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, bias, viruses, or defects that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We could be subject to reduced revenues, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our competitive position as a result of cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities or Internet disruptions. We rely upon information technology (“IT”) networks, platforms, and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes, some of which are provided by vendors. Cyberattacks and security threats are a risk to our business and reputation. A cyberattack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption or outage, corruption of data, or theft of personal or other sensitive information, could have a material adverse effect on our business operations or that of our customers, result in liability or regulatory sanction, or cause harm to our business and reputation and result in a loss in confidence in our ability to serve customers all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The increasing velocity of disruptive innovations involving cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities, unintended data exposure, and Internet disruptions enabled by new and emerging technologies, such as advancements in AI, machine learning, and quantum computing, may outpace our organization's ability to compete and/or manage the risk appropriately. In addition, threat actors may seek to engage in fraud or by more frequently attempting to gain access to our systems through phishing or other means that may include, but are not limited to, leveraging stolen identities. Furthermore, security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of threat actors and cyberattacks targeting IT products and businesses. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Data Security and Privacy Leaks : We collect, use, and retain increasingly large amounts of personal information about our customers, employees of our customers, our employees, and other third parties, including: bank account, credit card, social security numbers, tax return information, health care information, retirement account information, payroll information, system and network passwords, and other sensitive personal and business information. At the same time, the continued occurrence of cyber and ransomware attacks and data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. We may be particularly targeted for cyberattack because of the amount and type of personal and business information that we collect, use, and retain, as well as during and after periods in which we acquire other companies. Vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted computer crimes pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. Furthermore, if any of our solutions contain a software vulnerability, the vulnerability may be exploited to obtain access to our data or our customers’ data. Our service platforms enable our customers to store and process personal data on premises or, increasingly, in a environment that we host. The security of our IT infrastructure is an important consideration in our customers’ purchasing decisions. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventative or responsive measures. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we are focused on ensuring that our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information. We may be required to invest significant additional resources to comply with evolving cybersecurity regulations and to modify and enhance our information security and controls, and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. While we have security systems and IT infrastructure in place designed to detect and protect against unauthorized access to such information, including our Cyber Fusion Center, if our security measures are breached, either internally or externally, our business could be substantially harmed, and we could incur significant liabilities. Any such breach or unauthorized access could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to terminate their agreements with us, result in reputational damage, and subject us to lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other actions or liabilities which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. , including vendors that provide services for our operations, could also be a source of security and reputational risk to us in the event of a failure of their own security systems and infrastructure. 10 Table of Contents Data Loss and Business Interruption: If our systems are disrupted or fail for any reason, or if our systems are infiltrated by unauthorized persons, the Company, our customers and employees of our customers could experience data loss, financial loss, harm to reputation, or significant business interruption. Hardware, applications, and services, including services, that we develop or procure from vendors may contain defects in design or other problems that could compromise the integrity and availability of our services. Any delays or failures caused by network outages, software or hardware failures, or other data processing disruptions, could result in our inability to provide services in a timely fashion or at all. The speed to closure of significant cybersecurity incidents may be influenced by the cooperation of governmental or law enforcement agencies. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by disruptions or security breaches in the future. Such events may expose us to unexpected liability, litigation, regulatory investigation and penalties, loss of customers’ business, unfavorable impact to business reputation, and there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In the event of a catastrophe, our business continuity plan may fail, which could result in the loss of customer data and adversely interrupt operations. Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack or act of war, public health emergency, pandemic, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. weather disasters, including hurricanes, flooding, snowstorms, and severe rainstorms, could also threaten the business continuity of our operations. We have a business continuity plan in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events. Our business continuity plan has been tested in the past by circumstances of severe weather, including hurricanes, floods, snowstorms, and rainstorms and has been successful. However, these past successes are not an indicator of success in the future. If the business continuity plan is unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose customer data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our customers. If that were to occur, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may be adversely impacted by any failure of service providers to perform their functions. As part of providing services to customers, we rely on a number of service providers. These service providers include, but are not limited to, banks used to electronically transfer funds from clients to their employees, information technology vendors servicing platforms, and other providers supporting customer interactions. Failure by these service providers, or their respective outsourced providers, for any reason, to deliver their services in a timely manner and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in material interruptions to our operations, impact customer relations, and result in significant penalties or liabilities to us. We may be exposed to additional risks related to our relationship within our PEO business. Many federal and state laws that apply to the relationship do not specifically address the obligations and responsibilities of the “ ” relationship within our PEO business. State and federal positions regarding relationships are in a constant state of flux and change with varying degrees of impact on our operations. We cannot predict when changes will occur or forecast whether any future changes will be favorable or unfavorable to our operations. There is a possibility that we may be subject to liability for violations of employment or discrimination laws by our customers and acts or omissions of customer employees, who may be deemed to be our agents, even if we do not participate in any such acts or violations. Although our agreements with customers provide that they will indemnify us for any liability attributable to their own or their employees’ conduct, we may not be able to effectively enforce or collect such contractual obligations. In addition, we could be subject to liabilities with respect to our employee benefit plans if it were determined that we are not the “employer” under any applicable state or federal laws. Incurring additional liabilities related to our PEO business may adversely affect our results of operations. We may be adversely impacted by changes in health insurance and workers’ compensation rates and underlying claims trends. Within our PEO business, we maintain health and workers’ compensation insurance covering worksite employees. We establish workers’ compensation insurance reserves to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims up to per occurrence liability limits. These reserves include estimates of certain expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. The insurance costs are impacted by claims experience and are a significant portion of our PEO costs. If we experience a sudden or unexpected increase in claims activity, or our reserves were insufficient for claims activity, our costs could increase. In addition, in the event of expiration or cancellation of existing contracts, we may not be able to secure replacement contracts on competitive terms, if at all. Also, as a in the PEO, we assume or share many of the responsibilities associated with health care reform and recent efforts by local, state and federal governments to deregulate, which may result in increased 11 Table of Contents costs. Increases in costs not incorporated into service fees timely or fully could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Incorporating cost increases into service fees could also impact our ability to attract and retain customers. We made and may continue to make acquisitions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Acquisitions subject us to risks, including increased debt, assumption of unforeseen liabilities, and difficulties in integrating operations. Successful integration involves many challenges, including the difficulty of developing and marketing new solutions and support, our exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies, and the loss of key employees of an acquired business. The integration and conversion of our acquired operations or other future acquisitions, if any, could result in increased operating costs if the anticipated synergies of operating these businesses as one are not achieved, a loss of strategic opportunities if management is distracted by the integration process, and a loss of customers if our service levels drop during or following the integration process. In addition, an acquisition could adversely impact cash flows and/or operating results, and dilute stockholder interests, for many reasons, including charges to our income to reflect the impairment of acquired intangible assets including goodwill, interest costs and debt service requirements for any debt incurred in connection with an acquisition, costs incurred to enforce our rights under acquisition agreements and any issuance of securities in connection with an acquisition or new business venture that dilutes or lessens the rights of our current stockholders. If the integration of any or all of our acquisitions or future acquisitions is not successful, it could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and stock price. Financial Risks Our clients could have insufficient funds to cover payments we made on their behalf, resulting in financial loss to us. As part of our payroll processing solutions, we are authorized by our clients to transfer money from their accounts to fund amounts owed to their employees and various taxing authorities. It is possible that we could be held liable for such amounts in the event the client has insufficient funds to cover them. We have in the past, and may in the future, make payments on our clients’ behalf for which we may not be reimbursed, resulting in loss to us. Similarly, our ability to operate our Purchased Receivable reporting unit is dependent on the ability of our clients' clients to remit their accounts receivable to us. If a significant number of our clients are unable to cover payments we make on their behalf or we are not able to collect purchased receivable balances, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. Our interest earned on funds held for clients may be impacted by changes in government regulations mandating the amount of tax withheld or timing of remittance. We receive interest income from investing client funds collected but not yet remitted to applicable tax or regulatory agencies or to client employees. A change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to applicable tax or regulatory agencies could adversely impact our interest income. Our debt obligations may expose us to risks affecting the operation of our business, and our failure to address these risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In April 2025, we issued $4.2 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed rate corporate debt (“Corporate Bonds”). We used the net proceeds from this offering to fund our acquisition of Paycor. Refer to Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion of our Corporate Bonds. Our Corporate Bonds include certain covenants which may limit our ability to create liens on our assets, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and merge or consolidate with another entity, subject to certain exceptions, limitations and qualifications as outlined in the Corporate Bond indenture. The Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement (the “Agreement”) that we entered into in January 2019 contains covenants which may restrict our flexibility to operate our business. These covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, substantial changes in the general nature of our business and our subsidiaries (taken as a whole), certain merger transactions, certain sales of assets and other matters, all subject to certain exceptions. The Agreement also contains financial covenants, which require us not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio of 3.5:1.0 and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 2.0:1.0, and limits certain of our indebtedness to not exceed 20% of our consolidated stockholders’ equity. The credit agreements providing for our credit facilities with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., contain similar financial covenants which also require us not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio of 3.5:1.0. We monitor compliance with all of our debt covenants on a quarterly basis. If we do not comply with these covenants, it could result in material adverse effects on our operating results and our financial condition. 12 Table of Contents Future acquisitions or transactions may bring us closer to these covenant thresholds, potentially requiring further amendments to our credit facilities and debt obligations on less favorable terms. Our ability to make scheduled debt payments or to refinance our outstanding debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic, industry and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, economic, and other factors that are beyond our control, including those discussed in this Risk Factors section. We may not be able to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow from operating activities to permit us to pay the principal and interest on any outstanding indebtedness. Any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which would also harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more restrictive covenants. If we are unable to restructure or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, if necessary, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. Change in our credit ratings could adversely impact our results of operations and lower our profitability. The major credit rating agencies periodically evaluate our creditworthiness and have given us a strong, debt rating. Our credit ratings depend on our performance and can also be impacted by events beyond our control, such as macroeconomic and/or political factors of the U.S. and global economy. Failure to maintain high credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing which would lower our profitability, reduce our ability to obtain borrowing periodically required by our business, and adversely impact our competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition. Legal, Regulatory and Political Risks Our business, services, and financial condition may be adversely impacted by changes in government laws and regulations. Many of our services, particularly payroll tax administration services, employee benefit plan administration services, and PEO services are designed according to government regulations that often change. Changes in regulations could affect the extent and type of benefits employers are required, or may choose, to provide employees or the amount and type of taxes employers and employees are required to pay. Such changes could reduce or eliminate the need for some of our services and substantially decrease our revenue. The addition of complex added requirements could also increase our cost of doing business and our ability to timely remit funds on behalf of our customers. Our business and reputation may be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. Our services are subject to various laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the SECURE Act 2.0, data privacy regulations, and laundering rules. The growth of our international operations also subjects us to additional risks, such as compliance with foreign laws and regulations. The enactment of new laws and regulations, modifications of existing laws and regulations, or the adverse application or interpretation of new or existing laws or regulations can adversely affect our business. Additionally, as federal, state, and international regulations become more complex, the risk that we may be unable to comply with those regulations increases, particularly in the event there are different or additional regulatory standards in different jurisdictions. Failure to update our services to comply with modified or new legislation in the areas of payment networks, health care reform and retirement plans as well as failure to educate and assist our customers regarding this legislation could adversely impact our business reputation and negatively impact our customer base. Failure to comply with laundering laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (as amended), which require us to develop and implement laundering programs, and maintain transaction records, could result in civil and criminal penalties and adversely impact our business reputation. We are required to comply with regulations administered by bodies and governmental agencies worldwide including, but not limited to, the economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). OFAC places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and persons. A violation of a sanction or embargo program, or of the FCPA, or similar laws prohibiting certain payments to governmental officials, could subject us, and individual employees, to a regulatory enforcement action as well as significant civil and criminal penalties which could adversely impact our business and operations. 13 Table of Contents Our reputation, results of operations, or financial condition may be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with data privacy and AI laws and regulations. Our solutions require the storage and transmission of proprietary and confidential information of our customers and their employees, including personal or identifying information, as well as geolocation and biometric data. Certain solutions are enhanced with the use of AI and machine learning. Our solutions are subject to various complex government laws and regulations on the federal, state, and local levels, including those governing personal privacy, AI and machine learning, as well as ethical considerations. In the U.S., we are or may be subject to, oversight by various regulatory authorities, including but not limited to the Federal Trade Commission and Department of labor. We must also comply with such laws as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (as amended). Additionally, we must also comply with federal and state labor and employment laws, and state data breach notification and data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, and biometric information privacy laws all as amended. Our European operations are subject to the European Union’s General Data Privacy Regulation. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We could be subject to litigation or reputational risk if we or our providers fail to utilize data practices sufficient to safeguard proprietary, confidential, and personal or identifying information. The regulatory framework for privacy, AI, and machine learning issues is rapidly evolving and future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our business and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability. Failure to protect our intellectual property rights may harm our competitive position and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or defend against allegations of infringement may be costly. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, we may be unable to do so effectively in all cases. Our intellectual property could be wrongfully acquired as a result of the use of AI tools, a cyberattack, or other wrongful conduct by employees or . To the extent that our intellectual property is not protected effectively by trademarks, copyrights, patents, or other means, other parties with knowledge of our intellectual property, including former employees, may seek to exploit our intellectual property for their own and others’ advantage. Competitors may also misappropriate our trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights or duplicate our technology and solutions. Any significant impairment or misappropriation of our intellectual property or proprietary information could harm our business and our brand and may adversely affect our ability to compete. Third parties may claim that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. Additionally, there is uncertainty regarding intellectual property ownership and license rights of AI algorithms and content generated by AI and we could become subject to similar claims of infringement as we expand our use of AI, enabled by WISE. To the extent we seek to enforce or must defend our intellectual property rights with litigation, we could incur significant expenses and/or be required to pay substantial damages. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or vendors in connection with claims or litigation. The litigation to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights could be costly and . We are involved in litigation from time to time arising from the operation of our business and acquisitions and, as such, we could incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees, or other costs. We are sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation from customers, employees, or other for various actions. From time to time, we are involved in litigation involving claims related to, among other things, breach of contract, tortious conduct, and employment and labor law matters. The damages sought against us in some of these legal proceedings could be substantial. Although we maintain liability insurance for some litigation claims, if one or more of the claims were to greatly exceed our insurance coverage limits or if our insurance policies do not cover a claim, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. General Risk Factors Our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be impacted by macroeconomic and/or political factors of the U.S. and global economy and such impact could be materially adverse. We and our customers are subject to the impacts related to inflationary pressure, economic instability, changes in interest rates, tariffs, potential instability of the banking environment, climate obligations, and other macroeconomic and/or 14 Table of Contents political events. Banking volatility may subject us and our customers to losses on uninsured funds and may make equity or debt financing more difficult to obtain, and additional equity or debt financing might not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. Additionally, our business is substantially dependent on our customers’ continued use of our solutions and support, and our results of operations will decline if our customers are no longer willing or able to use them. Our customers are sensitive to negative changes in economic conditions. If they cease operations or file for bankruptcy protection, we may not be paid for solutions we already provided, and our customer base will shrink, which will lower our revenue. If under financial pressure, our customers may determine they are no longer willing to pay for the solutions and support we provide, which would reduce our revenue. Our customers may decrease their workforce, which would decrease their demand for our solutions. Because of spending constraints on our customers and competition in the industry, we may face pricing pressure on our solutions and challenges in onboarding new customers, which would reduce revenue and ultimately impact our results of operations. Furthermore, if the service providers we rely on are unable to perform their services for us and our customers, our operations could be materially disrupted, and we could face significant penalties or liabilities. We may be adversely impacted by volatility and uncertainty in the political and economic environment. Trade, monetary and fiscal policies, and political and economic conditions may substantially change, and credit markets may experience periods of constriction and variability. Additionally, instability in the banking environment may adversely affect our business. These conditions may impact our business due to lower transaction volumes or an increase in the number of customers going out of business. Further, inflation and uncertainty about tariff implementation may negatively impact our business and/or our customers' business, raise costs and reduce profitability. Current or potential customers may decide to reduce their spending on payroll and other outsourcing solutions. In addition, new business formation may be affected by an inability to obtain credit. We invest our funds held for clients in high quality, marketable (“AFS”) securities, money markets, and other cash equivalents. We also invest our corporate funds in short- to intermediate-term instruments. Funds held for clients and corporate investments are subject to general market, interest rate, credit, and liquidity risks. These risks may be exacerbated during periods of unusual financial market volatility and inflationary pressure. The interest we earn on funds held for clients and corporate investments may decrease as a result of a decline in funds available to invest or lower interest rates. In addition, during periods of volatility in the credit markets, certain types of investments may not be available to us or may become too risky for us to invest in, further reducing the interest we may earn on client funds. If we are unable to reinvest our AFS securities when they mature, our interest income earned and investment portfolio would be reduced. If we sell AFS securities to satisfy funding requirements, we may recognize losses, which would further reduce the interest income earned on funds held for clients and corporate investments. Constriction in the credit markets may impact the availability of financing, even to borrowers with the highest credit ratings. Historically, we have periodically borrowed against available credit arrangements to meet liquidity needs. However, should we require additional liquidity during days of large outflows of client funds, a credit constriction may limit our ability to access those funds or the flexibility to obtain them at interest rates that would be acceptable to us. Growth in customizable funding solutions offered to our customers by the purchasing of their accounts receivable through arrangements, including funding payrolls of our clients in the temporary staffing industry, may be constricted if access to financing becomes limited. In addition, our ability to grow through significant acquisitions may be limited. See also “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” If all of these financial and economic circumstances were to remain in effect for an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to attract and retain qualified people, which could impact the quality of our solutions and customer satisfaction. Our success, growth, and financial results depend in part on our continuing ability to attract, retain, motivate, and upskill highly qualified and diverse personnel in a rapidly changing environment at all levels, including management, technical, compliance, sales, and support personnel. Competition for these individuals can be intense, and we may not be able to retain our key people, or attract, assimilate, or retain other individuals in the future, which could harm our future success. In the event we receive negative publicity, our reputation and the value of our brand could be harmed, and customers may not use our solutions and support, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We are committed to good corporate citizenship, which is reflected in our company culture and values. Disclosure of our corporate governance, responsibility, and sustainability practices, may draw negative publicity from stakeholders. 15 Table of Contents Negative publicity relating to events or activities attributed to us, our policies, our corporate employees, or others associated with us, whether or not justified, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. If we are unable to maintain quality HCM and employee solutions and PEO and insurance solutions, our reputation with our customers may be harmed and the value of our brand may diminish. In addition, if our brand is negatively impacted, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, including challenges retaining customers or attracting new customers and recruiting talent and retaining employees. Item 1B. Unr esolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We are committed to protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and information. Our security program is intended to assess, identify, and manage risks from cybersecurity threats, and is aligned with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Version 2.0 Cybersecurity Framework (“NIST CSF”). The NIST CSF provides a flexible model for identifying and managing cybersecurity risks. Our security infrastructure uses a layered controls approach, incorporating various capabilities guided by the NIST CSF and other industry standards and best practices. We routinely invest in our security processes and capabilities, including those related to our risk management and assessment programs, vulnerability and intrusion detection, incident response plans, and other advanced detection, prevention, and protection capabilities. We conduct regular assessments of cybersecurity risks to identify threats to us and potential vulnerabilities that could negatively affect our business operations if exploited. We track cybersecurity risks within our enterprise risk management system with cybersecurity threats considered to be among the risks to us. In addition, our Enterprise Security Organization (the “ESO”) conducts technical risk assessments, and, in some instances, we engage with experts to assist with or perform technical risk assessments. The results of these risk assessments are reported to management. Our processes require escalation of significant cybersecurity risks to management and the Audit Committee (the "Audit Committee") of the Board of Directors (the “Board”). The ESO is led by our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) and seeks to maintain a consistent, resilient, and secure infrastructure by partnering with resources across the Company. The ESO implements numerous cybersecurity processes and capabilities, which include but are not limited to: assessing risk associated with significant infrastructure or operational changes and the introduction of new technologies, including AI; administering our service provider risk management program; managing secure software development and change management; managing access management and logical access controls, identifying security vulnerabilities through automated scanning technologies; performing penetration testing and due diligence assessments; and protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company’s data in transit. The ESO includes the activities of the Paychex Cyber Fusion Center, which provides 24x7x365 cybersecurity monitoring and incident response. We maintain incident response plans which outline the escalation, investigation, reporting, and overall response procedures depending on the type and severity of incidents. As part of our security program, we require all employees to take information security awareness training upon hire and annually thereafter. We provide additional ongoing trai

[truncated]