JSW Severfield Structures Limited Option Agreement Severfield PLC 18 July 2025 18 July 2025 Severfield plc ('Severfield', 'the Company' or 'the Group') JSW Severfield Structures Limited ('JSSL') option agreement Severfield plc, the market leading structural steel group, today announces that the Group has entered into a share purchase option agreement (the 'Option Agreement') with JSW Steel Limited ('JSW'), India's leading steel manufacturer and its partner in the Indian joint venture, JSSL (engaged in design, fabrication and erection of structural steelwork and ancillaries, including decking for construction projects). JSW and the Company, each currently hold a 50 per cent interest in JSSL. The Option Agreement will be granting Severfield the right, but not the obligation, to dispose of an interest of up to 24.9 per cent in JSSL to JSW for up to £20m, exercisable, at its sole discretion, at any time on or before 31 March 2026. The Option Agreement reflects the Board's prudent approach to strategic planning and provides the Group with additional financial flexibility. The Board confirms there is no current intention to exercise the Option Agreement and any decision to do so, and to dispose of any of its shareholding in JSSL, would only be made following a rigorous business case assessment. JSSL remains a strategically important venture for the Group and the Board continues to believe in its long-term value creation potential within the Indian market and remains committed to its successful partnership with JSW. The Group confirms that if the Option Agreement is exercised, a further announcement will be made though RNS. As previously announced, the Group will announce its financial results for the year ended 29 March 2025 on Thursday 24 July 2025. For further information, please contact: Severfield Charlie Cornish 01845 577 896 Non-Executive Chairman Adam Semple 01845 577 896 Chief Financial Officer Jefferies International Sam Barnett 020 7029 8000 Panmure Liberum Nicholas How 020 3100 2000 Camarco severfield@camarco.co.uk Ginny Pulbrook 07961 315 138 Tom Huddart 07967 521 573 Notes to editors: Severfield is the UK's market leader in the design, fabrication and construction of structural steel, with a total capacity of c.150,000 tonnes of steel per annum. The Group has seven sites, c.1,800 employees and expertise in large, complex projects across a broad range of sectors. The Group also has an established presence in the expanding Indian market through its 50/50 joint venture partnership with JSW Steel (India's largest steel producer). Inside information This announcement contains inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No.596/2014 (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of those Regulations. On the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, such information is now considered to be in the public domain. The person responsible for arranging for the release of this announcement on behalf of Severfield is Adam Semple, Chief Financial Officer. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Severfield (SFR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and