Segment reporting Segment reporting is provided according to the provisions of IFRS 8 and structured on the basis of the major business segments in which the Group operated in the year reported in these consolidated financial statements and in the previous year: • Insurance Business: Non-Life; • Insurance Business: Life; • Banking Associates Business; • Other Businesses. It should be noted that, in order to provide a better representation of the actual contribution to the consolidated results and also taking into account the significance of this activity on the overall Group, the economic and financial results of certain real estate investment funds consolidated line-by-line have been allocated to the Life business, if referring to assets whose returns affect the services to be provided to subscribers of revaluable products, and to Other Businesses for the residual portion. Segment reporting is carried out by separately consolidating the accounting items for the individual subsidiaries and associates that belong to each identified segment, eliminating intragroup balances between companies in the same segment and cancelling, where applicable, the carrying amount of the investments against the corresponding portion of shareholders’ equity. In the column “Intersegment eliminations”, the intragroup balances between companies in different sectors are eliminated. This rule does not apply in the following cases: • investment relations between companies in different sectors, since the elimination of the investment takes place directly in the sector of the company that holds the investment; • collected dividends, eliminated in the sector of the company that collects the dividend; • realised profits and expenses, since the elimination takes place directly in the sector of the company that realises the capital gain or loss. No segment reporting based on geographical area has been provided since the Group operates mainly at the national level and there appears to be no significant diversification of risks and benefits, for a given type of business activity, based on the economic situation of the individual regions. The segment reporting layout conforms to the provisions of ISVAP Regulation no. 7/2007 as amended.

Transactions with related parties Unipol Assicurazioni provides the following services to companies of the Group: • Governance (services supporting internal control, risk management, compliance and the Actuarial Function); • Finance; • Innovation; • Communications and Media Relations; • Anti-money laundering and Anti-terrorism; • 231 support; • Institutional Relations; • Human resources and industrial relations (personnel administration, external selection, development and remuneration systems, welfare initiatives, personnel management, trade union relations, employee disputes, employee welfare, safety); • Organisation; • Marketing and commercial communication area: CRM, targeting and campaign management, voice of customer; • Training; • Legal and corporate (corporate affairs, group legal register management, anti-fraud, institutional response, legal insurance consulting, privacy consulting and support, legal antitrust consulting, general legal consulting, legal dispute services, corporate legal, complaints); • Claims settlement; • Insurance (distribution network regulations, MV portfolio management, reinsurance, MV tariff setting, Life bancassurance, first level assistance to agencies, local assistance to agencies, final user test and manuals, Non-Life management and knowledge management services, broker channel management); • IT services; • Actuarial Function Calculation; • Administration (accounting, tax, administrative and financial statements services); • Management control; • Purchase of goods and services (including real estate) and general services; • Services for the management of Whistleblowing reports; • Support services to the Supervisory Board; • Sustainability; • Corporate social responsibility (CSR) services; • Real estate (coordination of urban planning processes, value added services, operational management of property sales and purchases, property leasing services, project management, logistics and real estate services, facility management, tax and duty property management, property management). UniSalute provides the following services to Unipol: • Managing addressing services, providing medical advice and assistance by telephone, making bookings, managing and settling claims relating to specific guarantees/products on behalf of Unipol. The services provided by UniSalute to its subsidiary SiSalute mainly concerned the following areas: • Administration and management control; • Complaints, regulations and tenders; • IT services; • Digital marketing and Communications; • Supplier Network Management and Medical Coordination; • Human resource monitoring and Training; • Collective Operating Centre - Assistance Class 18 and LTC case management. UniSalute provides to the Companies to which the supplementary corporate agreement applies direct management of payments for healthcare services of employees (including senior executives). SIAT performs the following services in favour of Unipol: • Technical assistance in the negotiation and stipulation of transport and aviation contracts; • Portfolio services for agreements in the transport sector;

operates in all Non-Life and Life insurance and reinsurance and capitalisation business; it may issue investment contracts and may set up and manage Open Pension Funds, in compliance with the provisions of Art. 9 of Italian Legislative Decree 124 of 21 April 1993 and subsequent amendments. As extensively described in the Management Report, following the merger by incorporation of UnipolSai Assicurazioni SpA, Unipol Finance Srl, UnipolPart I SpA and Unipol Investment SpA into Unipol Gruppo SpA, the latter took the company name “Unipol Assicurazioni SpA” or “Unipol SpA” for short.

The Unipol Group operates primarily in Italy: outside Italy, the Group operates in Serbia, through the subsidiary DDOR Novi Sad and the dedicated captive reinsurance company Ddor Re.

with registered office at Via Stalingrado 45, Bologna (Italy)

They conform to the IAS/IFRS standards issued by the IASB and endorsed by the European Union, along with the interpretations issued by IFRIC, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 in force on the closing date of the financial statements.

The Consolidated Financial Statements consist of: • Statement of Financial Position; • Income Statement and Comprehensive Income Statement; • Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity; • Statement of Cash Flows; • Notes to the Financial Statements. The layout conforms to the provisions of ISVAP Regulation no. 7 of 13 July 2007, Part III as amended, relating to the layout of the Consolidated Financial Statements of insurance and reinsurance companies that must adopt international accounting standards. The information requested by Consob Communication DEM/6064293, 28 July 2006.

The Consolidated Financial Statements are drawn up on the assumption that the company will continue as a going concern, in application of the principles of accrual accounting, materiality and truthfulness of accounting information, in order to provide a true and fair view of the equity-financial position and economic result, in compliance with the principle of the prevalence of the economic substance of transactions over their legal form. The going concern assumption is considered to be confirmed with reasonable certainty given that companies belonging to the Unipol Group have sufficient resources to ensure that they will continue to operate for the foreseeable future. In addition, the liquidity risk is deemed to be very remote.

The presentation currency is the euro and all the amounts, unless otherwise indicated, are disclosed in €m. Note that, in line with the provisions of ISVAP Regulation no. 7 of 13 July 2007, with reference to the Statement of Financial Position, Income Statement, Comprehensive Income Statement, Statement of Cash Flows and Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (the “Financial Statements”), the amounts of the sub-items have been rounded, disregarding fractions of amounts equal to or less than €500k and rounding fractions greater than €500k up to the nearest million. The rounded total of items is the sum of rounded sub-item amounts. The algebraic sum of the differences deriving from the rounding carried out on the items refers to the items in each financial statement

Basis of consolidation Companies consolidated on a line-by-line basis This method provides for the consolidation on a line-by-line basis of the assets, liabilities, gains and losses of the consolidated companies as from the date they were acquired, with the carrying amount of the investment being offset against the corresponding amount of the shareholders’ equity of each individual subsidiary and, in the case of investments not wholly owned, the separate recognition of the amount of the equity and the profit or loss for the year attributable to non-controlling interests. The amount of equity attributable to non-controlling interests is recognised under shareholders’ equity as “Share capital and reserves attributable to non-controlling interests”, whilst the corresponding share of consolidated profit or loss is shown under “Profit (loss) for the year attributable to non-controlling interests”. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are consolidated on a line-by-line basis.

Goodwill If the cost of acquiring investments in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, the excess amount is recognised as goodwill under intangible assets. This goodwill represents a payment made in the expectation of future economic benefits arising from assets that cannot be identified individually and recognised separately. In the years after the year of acquisition, goodwill is measured at cost, net of any impairment losses accumulated. Ancillary acquisition costs are recognised in the income statement during the year in which the costs are incurred or the services provided. Under IFRS 10.23 changes in investments in subsidiaries that do not lead to a loss of control are recognised as equity transactions. Any positive difference between the proportion of net fair value of identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the subsidiary and the fair value of the price paid or received is recognised directly in profit for the period and allocated to the members of the holding company.

Companies measured using the equity method When this method is used the carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to the corresponding portion of shareholders’ equity, including the profit/loss for the year and all the adjustments made when consolidation is on a line-by-line basis. Any difference between the portion of shareholders’ equity acquired and the fair value of the price paid (goodwill) is recognised in the carrying amount of the investment. Changes in interests in an associate which do not entail the acquisition of control or the loss of significant influence are treated as purchases or sales of shares, even if due to reasons other than purchases or sales, and therefore result in income or expenses recognised in the income statement and calculated on the basis of the difference between any consideration due or received and the change in the share of the investee’s shareholders’ equity held by the investor.

Main accounting standards New accounting standards The changes to the accounting standards previously in force are summarised below, whose application took effect from 1 January 2025, for which no accounting impacts worthy of note were recorded. IFRS 9 - Hedge Accounting Starting from 1 January 2025, with the exception of any future portfolio fair value hedges of interest rate risk (“Macro fair value hedge”), the Group ceased to exercise the right to recognise hedging transactions according to the accounting model set forth in IAS 39 in the version endorsed by the European Union and therefore applied the hedge accounting rules set forth in IFRS 9 to these transactions. The adoption of the principles set forth in IFRS 9 makes it possible to more effectively and substantially align the risk management approaches underlying hedging transactions with the relative presentation in the accounts. Indeed, IFRS 9 simplifies the requirements concerning the documentation of hedge effectiveness and expands the categories of hedging strategies eligible for hedge accounting, favouring more transparent and useful financial reporting for stakeholders. With reference to hedging transactions in progress at the end of the previous year and at that time accounted for in accordance with IAS 39, the transition to IFRS 9 had no impact on the effectiveness assessment of existing hedging relationships, nor did it entail any appreciable changes to the comparative balance sheet and income statement figures for 2024. Amendments to IAS 21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates Regulation (EU) 2024/2862 implemented the amendments to IAS 21 “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates” issued by the IASB on 15 August 2023. The amendments contain details of the requirements that an entity must consider to establish when a currency is convertible into another currency, as well as specific additional disclosures to be provided in the notes to the financial statements. In addition, the new provisions require an entity to estimate the spot exchange rate when it determines that a currency is not convertible into another currency. Lastly, the Regulation also provides an operating guide that should support companies in the phase of verifying any conversion of currencies. Updating of the EU ESEF Regulation - Financial statements in the single electronic reporting format On 15 January 2025, the sixth version of Regulation (EU) 2025/19 of 26 September 2024 was published, which amends the regulatory technical standards laid down in Regulation (EU) 2019/815 as regards the 2024 update of the Taxonomy for the single electronic reporting format (ESEF). As is known, the Transparency Directive (2004/109/EC) required listed companies to publish their annual report in the single electronic reporting format. To this end, the ESEF Regulation, as supplemented by national regulations, then imposed the obligation of drafting such reporting in XHTML format starting from 2021, also marking up certain information in the consolidated financial statements using XBRL specifications. Bank of Italy, Consob and IVASS Document no. 10 - Treatment of stamp duty on life insurance policies classified as financial liabilities Note that on 30 January 2026 the Bank of Italy, Consob and IVASS issued Document no. 10, in order to provide interpretative clarifications on the application of IAS/IFRS with reference to the regulatory changes introduced by the Budget Law 2025 on the treatment of stamp duty on life policies. Specifically, from 2025, insurance companies are required to pay stamp duty on life policies annually and, as regards policies existing at 1 January 2025, the regulations envisage a four-year payment plan for the portion of tax accrued previously. In addition, this rule establishes that insurance companies may only recover the amounts paid from customers when the benefit is paid out (upon expiry or surrender of the policy). In the specific case of recognising stamp duty relating to life policies classified as financial liabilities, in Document no. 10, the Authorities provide the following accounting guidance on the “asset from customers” that originates from the payment of this tax: the initial recognition should be at its present value - if the effect deriving from discounting is significant - and the difference between the nominal value and the present value of the asset should be recorded as a charge in the Income Statement. This asset should also be classified under the item “Other assets” in the Statement of Financial Position and, with reference to the representation of charges and income in the income statement, these should also be included in a residual item. Lastly, the Bank of Italy, Consob and IVASS require adequate disclosure in the financial statements of the classification and measurement criteria used and the chosen discounting method. Lastly,

1 Intangible assets - IAS 38 In accordance with the provisions of IAS 38, the only intangible assets that may be capitalised are those that can be identified and controlled by the company and from which the company will derive future financial benefits. The following assets are recognised as intangible assets with a finite life: • goodwill paid for the acquisition of Non-Life and Life portfolios: the value of the policies acquired is calculated by estimating the present value of the future cash flows of the existing policies. The Group amortises this value throughout the expected average residual life. This valuation is reviewed annually; • costs incurred for the acquisition of software licences, amortised over three years; • trademarks acquired within a business combination; • costs incurred for consultancy on major projects for the development and implementation of IT systems, including customisation of the corresponding software, amortised over five or ten years according to its estimated useful life. Projects under development are not amortised until the year in which they are first used.

2 Property, plant and equipment - IAS 16 and IFRS 16 The item includes properties used for business purposes, plant, other machines and equipment owned by the Group and rights of use acquired through lease contracts for the use of a tangible asset, except for contracts with a duration equal to or less than 12 months or referring to assets of a modest unit value. For recognising and measuring this category of assets the Group has adopted the cost model, which systematically depreciates the asset’s depreciable amount over its useful life. With reference to property, plant and equipment deriving from right of use recognition, as envisaged in IFRS 16, the initial recognition value corresponds with the present value of future payments to the lessor over the

Consolidated real estate companies include in the carrying amount the borrowing costs incurred for loans specifically for acquiring and renovating property, if this can be justified.

The costs of improvements and conversions are capitalised if they result in an increase in the useful life or the carrying amount of the assets. Assets that suffer impairment losses are written down. The carrying amount of property acquired as a result of business combinations is reassessed on the basis of the current value on the date of acquisition.

3.1 Insurance contracts issued that are assets This item includes insurance contracts issued as defined and governed by IFRS 17 - insurance and reinsurance contracts, and investment contracts issued with discretionary participation features - belonging to groups of contracts (Units of Account - UoAs) whose net positions at year end constitute assets. Please refer to the comments to item 3 Insurance liabilities - IFRS 17 for additional information on the recognition and measurement criteria adopted with regard to insurance contracts.

4.1 Investment property - IAS 40 and IFRS 16 This item includes property or rights of use (IFRS 16) held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both. Investment property is recognised by applying the cost method, as allowed by IAS 40 (an alternative to the fair value method). If the final recoverable amount of property is estimated to be less than the carrying amount (or zero) it is depreciated annually on a straight-line basis, based on the recoverable amount and the estimated useful life (33.4 years). If the recoverable amount of the property is estimated to exceed the carrying amount, no depreciation is applied. In the case of wholly- owned properties (land and buildings) depreciation is carried out only on the building. The costs of improvements and conversions are capitalised if they result in an increase in the carrying amount, the useful life or the profitability of the assets. Assets that suffer impairment losses are written down. The market value is determined at least once a year by means of expert appraisals conducted by outside companies. The carrying amount of property acquired as a result of business combinations is reassessed on the basis of the current value on the date of acquisition.

4.2 Investments in associates and interests in joint ventures - IAS 28 and IFRS 11 This item includes investments in associates as defined in IAS 28, which are measured using the equity method or at cost.

Financial instruments - IAS 32 - IFRS 7, 9 and 13 Recognition date The Group generally records financial transactions on the basis of the settlement date (value date), with reference to the financial instruments included in items 4. Investments and 4. Financial liabilities and on the basis of the transaction (trading) date for the financial instruments recognised in other items of the Statement of financial position. Reclassifications of financial assets – IFRS 9 With reference to debt securities, reclassifications among other categories of financial assets are limited to cases in which there is a change to the business model for financial asset management and forward-looking recognition is applied, i.e. without adjusting any economic component recognised previously. The reclassification of equity instruments is not permitted.

Derivatives Derivatives are initially recognised at the purchase cost representing the fair value and subsequently measured at fair value. Information on how the fair value is determined is provided in the section “Fair value measurement criteria – IFRS 13”. Derivatives may be acquired for “trading” or “hedging” purposes. For hedging transactions, the accounting standards envisage cumbersome and complex rules, with the preparation of specific documentation, to assess the effectiveness of the hedge from the time it is activated and throughout its entire term (hedge accounting). As previously indicated, it is specified that the Group applies the provisions of IFRS 9 in accounting for its hedging transactions, with the exception of any future portfolio hedging operations (so-called “macro-hedging”), for which it instead exercises the option to continue applying the provisions of the previously applicable IAS 39. All derivative financial instruments are classified under “Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss - Held-for-trading financial assets” and “Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss - Held-for-trading financial liabilities”.

After the initial recognition, these assets are measured at amortised cost by using the effective interest method, as well as net of impairment loss.

As regards details on determining of impairment losses, reference is made to the previous section on “Impairment”. Equity instruments that meet the following conditions are also classified under the category Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: - they are not equity investments in subsidiaries, associates or jointly controlled entities; - they are not held for trading nor represent a potential consideration for a business combination, pursuant to IFRS 3; - an irrevocable option was exercised for their designation at fair value through other comprehensive income. Any gains or losses consequent to the change in fair value are disclosed directly in Shareholders’ equity under the item “Gains or losses on equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income”. Specifically, the accounting of equity instruments, classified under category FVOCI, is different from the one applicable to debt securities classified under the same category, for the following reasons: - the impairment requirements of IFRS 9 are not applicable to equity instruments; - all exchange rate differences are recognised in the OCI reserve; - the values recorded in OCI (Other Comprehensive Income) are never reclassified to income statement (not even for cancellation/netting); - only dividends are recognised through profit or loss. 4.5 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss - IFRS 9 Investments in this category are recognised at fair value and the differences (positive or negative) between fair value and carrying amount are recognised through profit or loss. Information on how the fair value is determined is provided in the section “Fair value measurement criteria – IFRS 13”. There are three further sub-items: - held-for-trading financial assets, which includes debt securities and equity instruments, mainly listed, credit positions in derivative contracts and structured financial instruments where the embedded derivative would have to be separated if they were classified in a different category; - financial assets to be recognised at fair value through profit or loss, mainly consisting of assets linked to financial liabilities measured at fair value such as investments related to policies issued by insurance companies where the investment risk is borne by the policyholders and those arising from pension fund management; - financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL): this category includes all financial assets that do not meet the classification criteria at amortised cost or fair value, with changes recognised in comprehensive income statement (FVOCI), that are not financial assets designated at fair value or held-for-trading financial assets. The initial recognition of such financial assets is carried out at the date in which the entity becomes a party of the contractual terms related to the financial instruments, usually coinciding with the settlement date for the debt securities and equity instruments, and at the subscription date for derivatives, for a value equal to the fair value of the financial instrument, without considering transaction costs or income that are directly recognised in the income statement. After the initial recognition, these assets are measured at fair value and changes in value are recognised in the income statement.

5 Other financial assets The item includes financial assets not included in the item “Investments”, such as trade receivables and tax receivables. These assets are recognised at their nominal value and subsequently measured at their estimated realisable value. Other financial assets include, inter alia, receivables deriving from insurance and reinsurance transactions not included, in application of the provisions of IFRS 17, in the cash flows taken into account for the calculation of Insurance assets and liabilities and tax receivables.

6.1 Non-current assets or assets of a disposal group held for sale - IFRS 5 This item includes Non-current assets held for sale and any discontinued operations as defined by IFRS 5. Assets held for sale are recognised at the carrying amount or fair value, whichever is the lower, less costs to sell. If an investment in a subsidiary consolidated using the line-by-line method is to be sold within the time limit set by IFRS 5, all the assets of the company to be sold are reclassified as “Non-current assets or assets of a disposal group held for sale” in the consolidated statement of financial position (item 6.1 of the Assets) and the liabilities are similarly reclassified under the single item “Liabilities associated with disposal groups held for sale” (item 6.1 of the Liabilities). Both items appear in the consolidated financial statements net of intragroup transactions with the company to be sold. If a group continues to operate in the business of the company to be sold, income statement items relating to the assets held

---

e, that the financial statements have been drafted clearly and give a true and fair view of the statement of financial position, income statement and statement of cash flows. In order to formulate reliable estimates and assumptions, reference has been made to past experience, and to other factors considered reasonable for the case in question, based on all available information. However, we cannot exclude that changes in these estimates and assumptions may have a significant effect on the statement of financial position and income statement as well as on the potential assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements for disclosure purposes, if different elements emerge with respect to those considered originally. As required by IFRS 17, the Group formulates and uses judgments and estimates that have a very significant impact on the amounts recognised for the classification and measurement of insurance contracts as well as their corresponding level of aggregation. In detail, the most significant judgments concern the data used, the assumptions and the estimation techniques taken into consideration to project future cash flows and reflect underlying uncertainties at the reporting date. In more technical terms, the main assumptions adopted that could lead to substantial changes in the estimate of future cash flows concern estimates of payments for claims and the associated settlement expenses, mortality and longevity rates, the conduct of policyholders (due to terminations and redemptions), the percentages of participation in the returns and general costs directly attributable to the contract. The use of estimates is also relevant in relation to mainly:

Consolidation scope The Unipol Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2025 have been drawn up by combining the figures of the Parent Unipol Assicurazioni and those of the 68 direct and indirect subsidiaries (IFRS 10). Associates (9 companies) are measured using the equity method (IAS 28). If equity investments in subsidiaries or associates are considered immaterial, they are maintained at cost when this is considered a reasonable approximation for this measurement method. At 31 December 2025, a total of 9 associates and subsidiaries were considered immaterial.

Disclosure on structured entities The Unipol Group is not exposed to changes deriving from the performance of unconsolidated structured entities. The Unipol Group has promoted transactions with the following structured entities: - Azzurro RE II DAC (Series 2024-1) is an Irish special purpose vehicle (SPV) that issued a CAT BOND on the ILS (Insurance Linked Securities) markets of €100,000,000 to cover Unipol Assicurazioni earthquake risks in Italy and neighbouring countries with a 4-year maturity (04/2024 – 03/2028). During 2024, the Group paid the special purpose vehicle a total of €4m as payment of the annual premium relating to the aforementioned reinsurance cover; - Mercurio Fleet 2022 Srl is a vehicle company based in Italy and established in accordance with the provisions of Italian regulations on securitisations. The special purpose vehicle was established in order to guarantee UnipolRental the funding necessary to meet its operating requirements. This company is financed through a senior bond with an origination value of €520m, increased by a further €330m in September 2023. As collateral, the bond has an asset allocation established ad hoc, consisting of contracts and vehicles of the UnipolRental fleet. The segregated assets constitute assets allocated exclusively to repay the SPV loan and the receivables and vehicles remain under the legal ownership and in the financial statements of UnipolRental. During the year, the Group incurred a net expense to the entity of €35m, mainly due to interest expense of €38m, partially offset by financial income of €3m as remuneration of the liquidity reserve left available to the SPV. During the year, UnipolRental transferred to Mercurio Fleet 2022 Srl, against the contractual agreements relating to the aforementioned loan, cash for €611m. It should be noted that this amount, corresponding to the collections made on segregated assets, is returned to UnipolRental on a monthly basis by Mercurio Fleet 2022 Srl, net of the financial and administrative expenses set forth in the contract as part of the securitisation transaction; - Venere SPV Srl is a vehicle company based in Italy and established in accordance with the provisions of Italian regulations on securitisations. The special purpose vehicle was established in order to guarantee UnipolRental the funding necessary to meet its operating requirements. This company is financed through a senior bond with a value of €400m. As collateral, the bond has an asset allocation established ad hoc, consisting of contracts and vehicles of the UnipolRental fleet. The segregated assets constitute assets allocated exclusively to repay the SPV loan and the receivables and vehicles remain under the legal ownership and in the financial statements of UnipolRental. During the year, the Group incurred a net expense to the entity of €19m, mainly due to interest expense of €18m, partially offset by financial income of €1m as remuneration of the liquidity reserve left available to the SPV. During the year, UnipolRental transferred to Venere SPV Srl, against the contractual agreements relating to the aforementioned loan, cash for €350m. It should be noted that this amount, corresponding to the collections made on segregated assets, is returned to UnipolRental on a monthly basis by Venere SPV Srl, net of the financial and administrative expenses set forth in the contract as part of the securitisation transaction. The aforementioned SPVs are not consolidated as the Unipol Group does not have control of the entity nor is it exposed to their significant variable returns.

Disclosure on transfers between portfolios of financial assets During the year, there were no transfers between portfolios of financial assets following a change in the business model.

Fair Value Disclosure IFRS 13 provides guidelines to the measurement at fair value of financial instruments a

---

1,530 1,814 50 1,864 Other changes 85 ( 157 ) ( 82 ) 9 ( 72 ) Balance at 31.12.2025 3,365 496 1,801 3,139 ( 40 ) 424 1,530 10,391 324 10,715 2025 195 Statement of cash flows (indirect method) Amounts in €m 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 Net cash flows generated by/used for: - Profit (loss) for the period (+/-) 1,530 1,119 - Net revenues and costs of insurance contracts issued and reinsurance transfers (+/-) 762 693 - Capital gains/losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (-/+) ( 874 ) ( 611 ) - Other gains and losses on financial instruments, investment property and investments (+/-) ( 1,409 ) 76 - Net provisions for risks and charges (+/-) 31 160 - Interest income. dividends, interest expense. taxes (+/-) ( 1,706 ) ( 1,418 ) - Other adjustments (+/-) ( 1,192 ) 27 - interest income collected (+) 1,138 1,193 - dividends collected (+) 234 238 - interest expense paid (-) ( 250 ) ( 264 ) - paid taxes (-) ( 379 ) ( 260 ) Net cash flows generated by/used for other monetary items from operating activities - Insurance contracts classifiable as liabilities/assets (+/-) 1,892 914 - Reinsurance transfers classifiable as assets/liabilities (+/-) 31 ( 92 ) - Liabilities from financial contracts issued by insurance companies 2,028 667 - Receivables of banking subsidiaries (+/-) - Liabilities of banking subsidiaries (+/-) - Other financial instruments and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (+/-) 1,853 ( 318 ) - Other financial instruments and liabilities (+/-) 904 393 Total net cash flow generated by/used for operating activities 4,593 2,517 Net cash flows generated by/used for: - Sale/purchase of investment property (+/-) ( 30 ) ( 45 ) - Sale/purchase of investments in associates and joint ventures (+/-) ( 38 ) - Dividends collected on equity investments (+) 558 307 - Sale/purchase of financial assets measured at amortised cost (+/-) 295 ( 288 ) - Sale/purchase of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (+/-) ( 3,423 ) ( 1,275 ) - Sale/purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (+/-) ( 539 ) ( 924 ) - Sale/purchase of subsidiaries and business units (+/-) ( 589 ) - Other net cash flows from investing activities (+/-) 27 46 Total net cash flow generated by/used for investing activities ( 3,150 ) ( 2,768 ) Net cash flows generated by/used for: - Issues/purchases of equity instruments (+/-) - Issues/purchases of treasury shares (+/-) ( 21 ) ( 8 ) - Distribution of dividends and other purposes (-) ( 953 ) ( 350 ) - Sale/purchase of interests (+/-) ( 1 ) - Issues/purchases of subordinated liabilities and participating financial instruments (+/-) - Issues/purchases of liabilities measured at amortised cost (+/-) ( 1,002 ) 505 Total net cash flow generated by/used for financing activities ( 1,976 ) 146 NET CASH FLOW GENERATED/USED DURING THE YEAR ( 533 ) ( 105 ) Key: (+) generated (–) used RECONCILIATION Financial statement items 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 1,713 1,818 Total net cash flow generated/used during the year ( 533 ) ( 105 ) Cash and cash equivalents: effect of exchange rate changes Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 1180 1713 ii 3. Notes to the Financial Statements 198 2025 Basis of presentation The Unipol Group, consisting of the Parent Unipol Assicurazioni SpA (“Unipol”) and its subsidiaries, operates in all and Life insurance and reinsurance and capitalisation business; it may issue investment contracts and may set up and manage Open Pension Funds, in compliance with the provisions of Art. 9 of Italian Legislative Decree 124 of 21 April 1993 and subsequent amendments. As extensively described in the Management Report, following the merger by incorporation of UnipolSai Assicurazioni SpA, Unipol Finance Srl, UnipolPart I SpA and Unipol Investment SpA into Unipol Gruppo SpA, the latter took the company name “Unipol Assicurazioni SpA” or “Unipol SpA” for short. To support the insurance business and the relative ecosystems, the Unipol Group has developed instrumental commercial activities relating in particular to vehicle repair and vehicle glass replacement, the management of black boxes and other telematic devices, the management of payments in mobility, vehicle rental and the marketing of systems for vehicles. It also carries out real estate, financial, hotel, agricultural, healthcare and flexible benefits activities. The Unipol Group operates primarily in Italy: outside Italy, the Group operates in Serbia, through the subsidiary DDOR Novi Sad and the dedicated captive reinsurance company Ddor Re. The Parent Unipol, head of the Unipol Insurance Group, is a company with registered office at Via Stalingrado 45, Bologna (Italy) and is listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. The Unipol Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements were drawn up in accordance with Art. 154-ter of Italian Legislative Decree 58/1998 (Consolidated Law on Finance) and of ISVAP Regulation no. 7 of 13 July 2007, as amended. They conform to the IAS/IFRS standards issued by the IASB and endorsed by the European Union, along with the interpretations issued by IFRIC, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 in force on the closing date of the financial statements. The Consolidated Financial Statements consist of: • Statement of Financial Position; • Income Statement and Comprehensive Income Statement; • Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity; • Statement of Cash Flows; • Notes to the Financial Statements. The layout conforms to the provisions of ISVAP Regulation no. 7 of 13 July 2007, Part III as amended, relating to the layout of the Consolidated Financial Statements of insurance and reinsurance companies that must adopt international accounting standards. The information requested by Consob Communication DEM/6064293, 28 July 2006. The Consolidated Financial Statements are drawn up on the assumption that the company will continue as a going concern, in application of the principles of accrual accounting, materiality and truthfulness of accounting information, in order to provide a true and fair view of the position and economic result, in compliance wi

---

s of ISVAP Regulation no. 7 of 13 July 2007, with reference to the Statement of Financial Position, Income Statement, Comprehensive Income Statement, Statement of Cash Flows and Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (the “Financial Statements”), the amounts of the have been rounded, disregarding fractions of amounts equal to or less than €500k and rounding fractions greater than €500k up to the nearest million. The rounded total of items is the sum of rounded amounts. The algebraic sum of the differences deriving from the rounding carried out on the items refers to the items in each financial statement 2025 199 specifically indicated in the Regulation. The amounts in the Explanatory Notes are rounded according to the same criterion and are expressed in €m, ensuring that the amounts therein are aligned with those of the Financial Statements. The Consolidated Financial Statements of Unipol are subject to audit by the independent auditors EY S.p.A., the company tasked with performing the audit of the consolidated financial statements for the period 2021-2029 . Reporting date The reporting date of the Consolidated Financial Statements is 31 December 2025, the date the Separate Financial Statements of the Parent Unipol closed. The Consolidated Financial Statements were drawn up using restatements of the separate financial statements of the consolidated companies, adjusted to comply with IAS/IFRS standards, as applied by the Parent Unipol and approved by the Boards of Directors of the companies concerned. Basis of consolidation Companies consolidated on a basis This method provides for the consolidation on a basis of the assets, liabilities, gains and losses of the consolidated companies as from the date they were acquired, with the carrying amount of the investment being offset against the corresponding amount of the shareholders’ equity of each individual subsidiary and, in the case of investments not wholly owned, the separate recognition of the amount of the equity and the profit or loss for the year attributable to interests. The amount of equity attributable to interests is recognised under shareholders’ equity as “Share capital and reserves attributable to interests”, whilst the corresponding share of consolidated profit or loss is shown under “Profit (loss) for the year attributable to interests”. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are consolidated on a basis. Goodwill If the cost of acquiring investments in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, the excess amount is recognised as goodwill under intangible assets. This goodwill represents a payment made in the expectation of future economic benefits arising from assets that cannot be identified individually and recognised separately. In the years after the year of acquisition, goodwill is measured at cost, net of any impairment losses accumulated. Ancillary acquisition costs are recognised in the income statement during the year in which the costs are incurred or the services provided. Under IFRS 10.23 changes in investments in subsidiaries that do not lead to a loss of control are recognised as equity transactions. Any positive difference between the proportion of net fair value of identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the subsidiary and the fair value of the price paid or received is recognised directly in profit for the period and allocated to the members of the holding company. Companies measured using the equity method When this method is used the carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to the corresponding portion of shareholders’ equity, including the profit/loss for the year and all the adjustments made when consolidation is on a basis. Any difference between the portion of shareholders’ equity acquired and the fair value of the price paid (goodwill) is recognised in the carrying amount of the investment. Changes in interests in an associate which do not entail the acquisition of control or the loss of significant influence are treated as purchases or sales of shares, even if due to reasons other than purchases or sales, and therefore result in income or expenses recognised in the income statement and calculated on the basis of the difference between any consideration due or received and the change in the share of the investee’s shareholders’ equity held by the investor. 200 2025 Elimination of intragroup transactions The amounts receivable and payable between companies included in the consolidation scope, the gains and losses relating to transactions carried out between these companies and the profits and losses resulting from transactions carried out between these companies and not yet realised with parties external to the Group are eliminated during the preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements. Put options on interests In the presence of put options granted by the Group on the shareholders’ equity of subsidiaries held by shareholders, and in the absence of mechanisms for determining the exercise price that in substance already expose the Group to the risks and benefits deriving from holding such shareholders’ equity, the following accounting treatment is adopted: • at economic level, the result for the period of the subsidiary is divided between the share attributable to the owners of the Parent and the share attributable to interests on the basis of the share actually held by the two categories of shareholders during the year; • at asset level, a financial liability is recognised in an amount equal to the present value of the put option exercise price and, as a balancing entry, the shareholders’ equity attributable to interests subject to the put option is cancelled. Any differences between the two values are recognised as a reduction or increase in the shareholders’ equity attributable to the owners of the Parent. If, on the other hand, the put options granted by the Group on the shareholders’ equity of subsidiaries held by non- controlling shareholders substantially already expose the Group to the risks and benefits deriving from holding such shareholders’ equity, the tran

---

e, that the financial statements have been drafted clearly and give a true and fair view of the statement of financial position, income statement and statement of cash flows. In order to formulate reliable estimates and assumptions, reference has been made to past experience, and to other factors considered reasonable for the case in question, based on all available information. However, we cannot exclude that changes in these estimates and assumptions may have a significant effect on the statement of financial position and income statement as well as on the potential assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements for disclosure purposes, if different elements emerge with respect to those considered originally. As required by IFRS 17, the Group formulates and uses judgments and estimates that have a very significant impact on the amounts recognised for the classification and measurement of insurance contracts as well as their corresponding level of aggregation. In detail, the most significant judgments concern the data used, the assumptions and the estimation techniques taken into consideration to project future cash flows and reflect underlying uncertainties at the reporting date. In more technical terms, the main assumptions adopted that could lead to substantial changes in the estimate of future cash flows concern estimates of payments for claims and the associated settlement expenses, mortality and longevity rates, the conduct of policyholders (due to terminations and redemptions), the percentages of participation in the returns and general costs directly attributable to the contract. The use of estimates is also relevant in relation to mainly: 224 2025 - the measurement of assets and liabilities at fair value (particularly for level 2 and 3 financial instruments); - the quantification of the adjustment for the impairment of financial assets classified in the FVOCI and amortised cost categories; - the analyses targeted at identifying any impairment of intangible assets (e.g. goodwill) booked to the financial statements (impairment test); - the quantification of provisions for risks and charges and provisions for employee benefits. For information on the methods used to determine the items in question and the main risk factors, please refer to the sections containing a description of the measurement criteria. Notes to the Financial Statements Consolidation scope The Unipol Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2025 have been drawn up by combining the figures of the Parent Unipol Assicurazioni and those of the 68 direct and indirect subsidiaries (IFRS 10). Associates (9 companies) are measured using the equity method (IAS 28). If equity investments in subsidiaries or associates are considered immaterial, they are maintained at cost when this is considered a reasonable approximation for this measurement method. At 31 December 2025, a total of 9 associates and subsidiaries were considered immaterial. There are no interests. The changes to the consolidation scope and the lists of equity investments in subsidiaries and associates are shown below. Changes in the consolidation scope compared with 31 December 2024 and other transactions On 27 June 2025, the contract was signed relating to the acquisition by Unipol Assicurazioni of the entire equity investment held by Banca Investis S.p.A. in BIM Vita S.p.A., equal to 50% of the share capital of the company; the transaction was completed on 29 July 2025 against the payment of €10m. As a result of the transaction, Unipol Assicurazioni holds 100% of the share capital of BIM Vita S.p.A. On 26 June 2025, the Board of Directors of Unipol Assicurazioni approved its acceptance of the public purchase and exchange offer (“OPAS”) promoted by BPER on Banca Popolare di Sondrio shares. As a result of the Transaction, as described in the section “Information on significant events” in the Financial Management Report, Unipol participated in the OPAS by transferring the entire equity investment in the associate Banca Popolare di Sondrio, and taking into account the sales and purchases of BPER shares that took place after the public exchange offer in July, at 31 December 2025 holds an investment equal to 19.94% of the total share capital of BPER. On 20 June 2025, Unipol’s Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting approved the plan for the total demerger of Cronos Vita Assicurazioni S.p.A. (" Cronos Vita ") in favour of Unipol Assicurazioni S.p.A., Allianz S.p.A., Fideuram Vita S.p.A., Generali Italia S.p.A. and Poste Vita S.p.A. On finalisation of the demerger on 1 October 2025, Unipol derecognised the equity investment previously held in the associate Cronos Vita (already classified under assets held for sale) and recognised the assets and liabilities making up the business complex received through allocation. On 3 October 2025, against payment of €2.4m, Irma S.r.l. ( by Unipol Assicurazioni S.p.A.) finalised the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Servizi Assicurativi e Finanziari S.r.l., or in abbreviated form “Esseaffe”. On 14 July 2025, an agreement was signed between Unipol Finance S.p.A. and Opera Prima S.r.l. relating to the acquisition by Unipol Finance of the entire residual equity investment in the associated company Pegaso Finanziaria S.p.A. (“Pegaso”), equal to 55% of the share capital. After completion of this transaction on 19 November 2025 and against payment of €9.2m, through the subsidiary Unipol Finance, Unipol Assicurazioni holds 100% of the share capital of Pegaso. 2025 225 The transaction gave Unipol Assicurazioni control over Pegaso and, taking into account the equity investments held by the latter, and also over Assicoop Bologna Metropolitana S.p.A., Assicoop Emilia Nord S.r.l., Assicoop Romagna Futura S.p.A. and Assicoop Toscana S.p.A., in which Unipol already held associate investments. As a result of the transaction, Unipol also assumed (indirect) control of Distribuzione Prodotti Assicurativi S.r.l. (“Dipas”) 64% owned by Assicoop Romagna Futura S.p.A. and an equity investment in the associates Universo S.r.l. and Assicia Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l. On 3 December 2025,

---

areholders’ equity, and on profit/(loss) for income statement items. (2) Percentage on total net cash flow from operating activities mentioned in the statement of cash flows. Financial assets at amortised cost with associates included €6m in loans disbursed by Unipol to the associate Borsetto and €15m in time deposits above 15 days held by the companies of the Group with BPER Banca. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income from associates related to listed debt securities issued by BPER Banca and Banca Popolare di Sondrio, subscribed by Group companies. The item Other financial assets from associates includes €5m relating to receivables from insurance brokerage agencies for commissions and €15m to receivables from Finitalia for premiums advanced by the latter as part of the service relating to the split payment of policies. Other assets included current accounts, temporarily unavailable, that Unipol has opened with BPER Banca. Cash and cash equivalents included the balances of current accounts opened by Group companies with BPER Banca and Banca Popolare di Sondrio. The item Financial liabilities at amortised cost due to associates related to loans and mortgages granted by BPER Banca and Banca Popolare di Sondrio to Group companies, of which €300m disbursed to UnipolRental. Payables included payables for commissions due to BPER Banca for the placement of insurance products, in addition to payables for other services rendered. Other liabilities refer to invoices to be received. Insurance service expenses from insurance contracts issued included costs for commissions paid to insurance brokerage agencies (€115m) and commissions paid to BPER Banca for the placement of insurance policies issued by Group companies (€6m). 2025 309 The item Interest income calculated with the effective interest method included interest income on listed debt securities issued by BPER Banca and Banca Popolare di Sondrio subscribed by Group companies. The item Interest expense mainly refers to interest expense paid by the subsidiary UnipolRental for loans and mortgages granted by BPER Banca and Banca Popolare di Sondrio. The item Other income/charges included lease payments relating to properties leased to BPER Banca by Group companies. The item Other revenue/costs includes interest income accrued on current accounts opened by Group companies with BPER Banca and Banca Popolare di Sondrio. Operating expenses include the costs of managing banking relations with BPER Banca. Please also note that the contributions payable by the Unipol Group companies paid in the course of 2025 to Unipol Group employee and executive pension funds amounted to €22m. As envisaged in IAS 24, also note that the remuneration for 2025 due for various reasons to the Administration and Control Bodies and other Key Managers for carrying out their duties in Unipol and in other consolidated companies amounted to €32m, details of which are as follows: Amounts in €m employee benefits 22 benefits Other employee benefits Termination benefits 3 payment 7 Total 32 (*) mainly includes compensation of employees. Note that determination of the amounts indicated above is consistent with the principles defined by CONSOB for the purpose of preparation of the Remuneration Report pursuant to Art. 123-ter of the Consolidated Law on Finance and made available, in compliance with current regulations, on the Company’s website. Information on public funds received During the year, the Unipol Group did not benefit from grants, understood as economic benefits deriving from a bilateral relationship between a public entity and a specific beneficiary, falling within the scope of the regulations on transparency of public funding introduced by Art. 1, paragraphs 125 and 125-bis of Law no. 124/2017, as amended. Note that, on the basis of the aforementioned legislation, sums received as consideration for a service provided or as remuneration for an assignment received or due as compensation are excluded from the transparency requirements. Economic benefits received under general schemes, such as tax concessions or contributions accessible to all parties who meet certain conditions, are also excluded. For the sake of completeness, note that any Aid measures and the relative individual Aid granted and recorded in the system by the Granting Authorities directly or indirectly benefiting each of the Group companies are included in the National Register of State Aid, available for public consultation in the transparency section of the related website. compensation plans The Unipol Group pays variable benefits ( incentives) to the General Manager, Key Managers and other senior executives under closed , compensation plans by which Unipol and former UnipolSai shares (performance shares) are granted if specific targets of profitability, creation of value for shareholders and ESG Sustainability are achieved. The 2019-2021 Performance compensation plans, if the prerequisites were met, envisaged for incentives the assignment of former UnipolSai and Unipol shares in the year following the year of accrual. With regard to incentives, if the 310 2025 prerequisites were met, it envisaged the assignment of former UnipolSai and Unipol shares in at least three annual tranches starting from 2023. The 2022-2024 Performance compensation plans, if the prerequisites are met, envisages the assignment of the same shares in at least three annual tranches with effect from 2026. The 2025-2027 Performance compensation plans, if the prerequisites are met, envisages the assignment of the same shares in at least three annual tranches with effect from 2027. In April and July, 419,644 former UnipolSai shares and 773,265 Unipol shares were granted to eligible senior executives as incentive for the 2019-21 financial year. In May, 707 former UnipolSai shares and 3,670 Unipol shares were granted to eligible senior executives, as a incentive for the years 2022 and 2024. The Information Documents, prepared pursuant to Art. 114-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance and Art. 84-bis of Consob Issuers’ Regulation no. 11971/1999, are available on the respective websi

---

services EY SpA Subsidiaries Total subsidiaries 1,365 Grand total 4,003 (*) the fees do not include any non-deductible VAT or charged back expenses

consolidated income statement, the amount of which is determined on the basis of IFRS 17, as described in more detail in the notes to the financial statements. Taxonomy Regulation: Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020, on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment. Reputation Index : an index developed by the Reputation Institute to measure and manage the reputation of companies and their brands as a lever for business growth, valid at international level. The reputation of the Unipol Group consists in a series of expectations, perceptions and opinions developed over time by the reference Stakeholders (customers, employees, agents, financial community, institutions, opinion makers, public opinion) on the qualities of the Group, its characteristics and its conduct, which derive from experience, word of mouth or observation of the Group’s shares. The consistency of Group conduct with its promises and resulting response to expectations formulated by its Stakeholders determine how the corporate reputation is formed. Impact materiality: a sustainability matter is material from an impact perspective when it pertains to the undertaking’s material actual or potential, positive or negative impacts on people or the environment over the short, medium and long term. A material sustainability matter from an impact perspective includes impacts connected with the undertaking’s own operations and upstream and downstream value chain, including through its products and services, as well as through its business relationships. Financial materiality: a sustainability matter is material from a financial perspective if it generates risks or opportunities that affect (or could reasonably be expected to affect) the undertaking’s financial position, financial performance, cash flows, access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term. Transition risks: risks that result from a misalignment between an organisation’s or investor’s strategy and management and the changing regulatory, policy or societal landscape in which it operates. Developments aimed at halting or reversing damage to the climate or to nature, such as government measures, technological breakthroughs, market changes, litigation and changing consumer preferences can all create or change transition risks. Physical risks: all global economic enterprise depends on the functioning of earth systems, such as a stable climate and on ecosystem services, such as the provision of biomass (raw materials). physical risks are a direct result of an organisation’s dependence on nature. Physical risks arise when natural systems are compromised, due to the impact of climatic events (e.g., extremes of weather such as a drought), geologic events (e.g., seismic events such as an earthquake) events or changes in ecosystem equilibria, such as soil quality or marine ecology, which affect the ecosystem services organisations depend on. These can be acute, chronic, or both. physical risks arise as a result of changes in the biotic (living) and abiotic ( ) conditions that support healthy, functioning ecosystems. Physical risks are usually . physical risks are often associated with climate- related physical risks. 2025 187 Sustainability-related risks: uncertain environmental, social or governance events or conditions that, if they occur, could cause a potential material negative effect on the undertaking's business model or strategy and on its capability to achieve its goals and targets and to create value, and therefore may influence its decisions and those of its business relationships with regard to sustainability matters. Like any other risks, sustainability-related risks are the combination of an impact’s magnitude and the probability of occurrence. Net profit of the insurance group: corresponds to the consolidated net profit determined by excluding the effects deriving from the consolidation using the equity method of the associate BPER, as well as of the associate Banca Popolare di Sondrio limited to periods prior to the acquisition of control over the latter by BPER. The economic contribution of these investees to the net profit of the insurance group therefore corresponds only to the dividends collected during the period. Scope of GHG emissions : classification of the organisational boundaries in which the direct and indirect GHG (Greenhouse Gas) emissions generated by an organisation’s activities are produced. There are 3 Scope classes: Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3. The classification derives from the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). Scope 1 refers to direct GHG emissions from installations owned or controlled by the organisation. Scope 2 refers to indirect GHG emissions deriving from the generation of electricity, steam energy, heating and cooling, imported and consumed within the organisation. Scope 3 refers to other indirect emissions not covered by Scope 2, such as emissions associated with business travel. SDGs- Sustainable Development Goals: the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development is a plan of action for people, the planet and prosperity, signed in September 2015 by the governments of 193 UN member states. It encompasses 17 Sustainable Development Goals - SDGs - as listed below: TLTRO - Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operations : financial interventions carried out by the European Central Bank, introduced for the first time during the sovereign debt crisis that took place in Eurozone countries. Under the TLTRO programme, 4-year loans with very low interest rates are disbursed through auctions to Eurozone banks, with a view to injecting liquidity into the real economy. Indeed, banks are required to use this liquidity to support lending to small and medium sized enterprises. UNEP - United Nations Environment Programme : the main global environmental authority which establishes the global environmental agenda, prom

---

e time limit set by IFRS 5, all the assets of the company to be sold are reclassified as “ assets or assets of a disposal group held for sale” in the consolidated statement of financial position (item 6.1 of the Assets) and the liabilities are similarly reclassified under the single item “Liabilities associated with disposal groups held for sale” (item 6.1 of the Liabilities). Both items appear in the consolidated financial statements net of intragroup transactions with the company to be sold. If a group continues to operate in the business of the company to be sold, income statement items relating to the assets held for sale or disposal groups are recognised in accordance with the normal rules of consolidation on a basis. 6.2 Current tax assets and deferred tax assets - IAS 12 The item includes current and deferred tax assets, defined and governed by IAS 12. In particular, deferred tax assets are calculated on the deductible temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the amounts for tax purposes of the assets and liabilities of the individual consolidated companies and on the consolidation adjustments. If there are any tax losses, deferred tax assets are also recognised provided there is a probability that taxable income for which they can be used will be available in future. Deferred taxes are based on the tax rates applied at the end of the year or on the rates that are expected to be applied in the future according to the information available at the end of the financial year. If assets are revalued solely for tax purposes and relate neither to a revaluation of the carrying amount for a previous year nor to one that is to be carried out in a subsequent year, the tax effects of the adjustment for tax purposes must be recognised in the income statement. Deferred tax assets and liabilities, distinguished by type of tax, are offset at the level of single Group company or at the consolidated level, within the limits of the scope of the tax consolidation agreement set up by Unipol. 6.3 Other assets The item includes assets not attributable to other Statement of financial position asset items. This item includes, inter alia, prepayments and accrued income and deferred commission expense connected to investment contracts not falling within the scope of application of IFRS 17, as these are additional costs incurred to acquire the contract and amortised on a basis over the whole life of the contract. As recommended by Bank of Italy/Consob/IVASS document no. 9 of the Working Group on the application of IAS/IFRS, this item also includes tax credits relating to tax subsidies (such as the “ecobonus” and the “sismabonus”) acquired from third parties (direct beneficiaries or previous purchasers) and recoverable by offsetting future payments according to methods and timing established in the reference regulation. In particular, note the recognition among other assets of the receivable referring to payments, as envisaged in the Budget Law 2025, of stamp duty on life policies in Classes III and V referred to in Art. 2, paragraph 1, Legislative Decree no. 209 of 7 September 2005, classified under financial liabilities (pursuant to IFRS 9) as required by “Bank of Working Group” Document no. 10 of 30 January 2026. 7 Cash and cash equivalents - IAS 7 Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash in current accounts available on demand, and term deposits for periods not exceeding 15 days. 2025 211 Liabilities 1 Shareholders’ equity - IAS 32 1.1 Share capital The item includes the share capital of the consolidating company. 1.2 Other equity instruments This item includes perpetual regulatory capital instruments issued by the Parent that qualify as Restricted Tier 1, which do not envisage in any case any obligation on the part of the issuer to reimburse the principal or interest to subscribers (without prejudice to cases of liquidation or the exercise of the right to early redemption by the issuer). These instruments are recognised at the issue value, net of issue expenses and the relative tax benefits. In line with this classification, coupon payments to subscribers are recognised, similar to what takes place for the payment of dividends, as a direct reduction from the equity reserves. Note that similar perpetual capital instruments issued by companies are recognised in item 1.2.1 Share capital and reserves attributable to interests. 1.3 Capital reserves This item includes in particular the share premium reserve of the company that carries out the consolidation. It includes the direct costs of issuing equity instruments, net of tax, and any commission income, net of tax, received for the sale of option rights not exercised by shareholders. 1.4 and other equity reserves In addition to the and other reserves of the consolidating company, this item includes in particular gains or losses arising from the application of IAS/IFRS (IFRS 1), gains or losses resulting from changes in accounting standards or accounting estimates (IAS 8), provisions arising from payment transactions (IFRS 2) and consolidation reserves. 1.5 Treasury shares This item includes the equity instruments of the undertaking that draws up the consolidated financial statements owned by the undertaking itself and the consolidated companies. The item was negative. The gains or losses resulting from their subsequent sale are recognised as changes in shareholders’ equity. 1.6 Valuation reserves The Valuation reserves include the exchange rate differences from translation to be charged to shareholders’ equity pursuant to IAS 21, whether they arise from transactions in foreign currency or from conversion into the currency of presentation of the financial statements stated in foreign currency. This item includes, inter alia, gains or losses on cash flow hedges, revaluation reserves of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and gains or losses on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. This item also includes the valuation reserves relating to insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held with regard to the impacts deriving from financial variables, as well as the share of v

---

effectively and definitively incurred and within the limits and to the extent they exceed, net of tax relief, the related provisions allocated in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Unipol Banca Group at 31 March 2019 (€10m). Similarly, the acquirer BPER is committed to paying an amount to the sellers for any excess of the aforementioned provisions over and above the Losses from Dispute Counterclaims. Provisions deemed suitable were allocated against the commitments described above . Commitments deriving from the sale of a loan portfolio by UnipolReC to AMCO The agreement for the sale to AMCO of the entire portfolio of loans held by UnipolReC, finalised in 2022, envisages the release by UnipolReC of specific representations and warranties relating to the loans sold, as well as the assumption of related indemnity obligations, in line with market practices for comparable transactions. In July 2025, UnipolReC and AMCO reached a settlement agreement to definitively quantify the indemnity due to AMCO. Consequently, UnipolReC paid the counterparty an amount of €7m.. 3. Insurance liabilities Liability item 3.1 and asset item 3.1 – Insurance contracts issued that are liabilities and assets This section provides information on the insurance contracts issued that are liabilities and assets (liability item 3.1 and asset item 3.1), which are broken down as follows: Amounts in €m Items/Basis of aggregation VFA BBA PAA Total VFA BBA PAA Total 31/12/2025 31/12/2025 31/12/2025 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 31/12/2024 31/12/2024 31/12/2024 1. Insurance contracts issued that are liabilities 41,958 5,812 8,625 56,395 39,161 6,152 7,823 53,137 2. Insurance contracts issued that are assets (2) (2) (3) (68) (10) (78) 3. Net liabilities on the balance sheet 41,958 5,810 8,623 56,392 39,161 6,084 7,813 53,059 of which Life segment 41,958 228 2 42,188 39,161 159 1 39,321 Contracts issued with direct participation features - Life segment 41,958 41,958 39,161 39,161 Contracts issued without direct participation features - Life segment 228 2 230 159 1 160 of which segment 5,582 8,621 14,203 5,925 7,812 13,737 Contracts issued without direct participation features - Motor segment 2,213 5,177 7,390 2,462 4,597 7,059 Contracts issued without direct participation features - segment 3,369 3,444 6,813 3,463 3,215 6,678 2025 271 Changes in the carrying amount of insurance contracts issued - GMM or VFA - liabilities for residual coverage and for claims incurred LIFE SEGMENT - Insurance contracts issued with direct participation features and Investment contracts issued with discretionary participation features Amounts in €m Liabilities for residual coverage Liabilities for claims incurred Total Liabilities for residual coverage Liabilities for claims incurred Total Net of loss Loss 31/12/2025 Net of loss Loss 31/12/2024 A. Initial carrying amount 1. Insurance contracts issued that are liabilities 38,876 10 275 39,161 37,137 7 275 37,419 2. Insurance contracts issued that are assets 3. Net carrying amount as at 1 January 38,876 10 275 39,161 37,137 7 275 37,419 B. Insurance revenue (584) (584) (517) (517) C. Insurance service expenses 22 3 337 361 18 1 311 331 1. Claims incurred and other directly attributable costs 338 338 309 309 2. Changes in liability for claims incurred (2) (2) 3 3 3. Losses and related recoveries on onerous contracts 3 3 1 1 4. Amortisation of contract acquisition costs 22 22 18 18 D. Insurance service result (B+C) (563) 3 337 (223) (498) 1 311 (186) E. Net finance expenses/income 1,443 1,443 1,749 1,749 1. Relating to insurance contracts issued 1,444 1,444 1,749 1,749 1.1 Recorded in the Income Statement 1,581 1,581 1,361 1,361 1.2 Recorded in the Comprehensive Income Statement (138) (138) 388 388 2. Effects associated with changes in exchange rates (1) (1) F. Investment components (4,093) 4,093 (3,979) 3,979 G. Total amount recorded in the Income Statement and in the Comprehensive Income Statement (D+E+F) (3,212) 3 4,430 1,220 (2,728) 1 4,290 1,564 H. Other changes 1,101 30 1,131 11 2 (13) (1) I. Cash movements 4,835 (4,389) 446 4,456 (4,276) 180 1. Premiums received 4,909 4,909 4,516 4,516 2. Payments associated with contract acquisition costs (74) (74) (60) (60) 3. Claims paid and other cash outflows (4,389) (4,389) (4,276) (4,276) 4. Other movemente L. Net carrying amount as at 31 December (A.3+G+H+I) 41,600 13 346 41,958 38,876 10 275 39,161 M. Final carrying amount 1. Insurance contracts issued that are liabilities 41,600 13 346 41,958 38,876 10 275 39,161 2. Insurance contracts issued that are assets 3. Net carrying amount as at 31 December 41,600 13 346 41,958 38,876 10 275 39,161 272 2025 LIFE SEGMENT - Insurance contracts issued without direct participation features Amounts in €m Liabilities for residual coverage Liabilities for claims incurred Total Liabilities for residual coverage Liabilities for claims incurred Total Net of loss Loss 31/12/2025 Net of loss Loss 31/12/2024 A. Initial carrying amount 1. Insurance contracts issued that are liabilities 180 45 225 134 39 173 2. Insurance contracts issued that are assets (86) 20 (66) (75) 26 (49) 3. Net carrying amount as at 1 January 94 65 159 59 64 123 B. Insurance revenue (188) (188) (180) (180) C. Insurance service expenses 21 95 115 16 81 96 1. Claims incurred and other directly attributable costs 85 85 67 67 2. Changes in liability for claims incurred 9 9 14 14 3. Losses and related recoveries on onerous contracts 4. Amortisation of contract acquisition costs 21 21 16 16 D. Insurance service result (B+C) (168) 95 (73) (164) 81 (83) E. Net finance expenses/income 1 1 (5) (5) 1. Relating to insurance contracts issued 1 1 (5) (5) 1.1 Recorded in the Income Statement 3 3 2 2 1.2 Recorded in the Comprehensive Income Statement (2) (2) (7) (7) 2. Effects associated with changes in exchange rates F. Investment components 4 (4) 8 (8) G. Total amount recorded in the Income Statement and in the Comprehensive Income Statement (D+E+F) (162) 91 (71) (161) 73 (88) H. Other changes 8 3 11 (5) (5) I. Cash movements 218 (89) 129 196 (67) 129 1. Premiums received 273 273 256 256 2. Payments associated with contract acquisition costs (