BETA Close X RS Group PLC has acquired BPX Group, a UK and Ireland-based specialist distributor of industrial automation and control products, for an enterprise value of £27 million plus a deferred earn-out of up to £3 million, representing an acquisition multiple of approximately 10x reported EBIT. This strategic acquisition, which complements RS Group's existing strengths in automation and control, aims to enhance technical capabilities, expand supplier relationships, and accelerate revenue growth for BPX by leveraging RS Group's resources and customer base. Disclaimer* RS Group PLC 03 March 2026 3 March 2026 RS GROUP PLC RS Group acquires Automation & Control specialist BPX Group RS Group (the "Group"), the high-service global product and service solutions provider for industrial customers, is pleased to announce the acquisition of BPX Group, a UK and Ireland-based specialist distributor of industrial automation and control ("A&C") products, for an Enterprise Value (cash-free debt-free) of £27m and a deferred earn-out of up to £3m, payable subject to achievement of agreed FY 2026 EBITDA performance targets. The consideration represents an acquisition multiple of around 10x reported EBIT on a 12-month basis to 31 October 2025. BPX Group, founded more than 50 years ago, specialises in supporting industrial customers with technical automation and control solutions in UK and Ireland. BPX stocks, supports, and supplies automation and control components, devices and solutions for many of the world's leading electrical, electronic and pneumatic manufacturers to over 6,000 active customers. The acquisition complements RS Group's strengths in automation and control - which accounts for more than 40% of Group revenue - and enhances our technical capabilities and high-service focus. It also expands our relationship with key suppliers. Under RS ownership, we see the opportunity for BPX to accelerate revenue growth through offering enhanced product and capability to complementary customers and optimising combined costs over the medium term. ENDS Enquiries: Carla Bloom VP Investor Relations 020 7239 8427 Martin Robinson Teneo Communications 020 7260 2700 About RS Group RS is a high-service global product and service solutions provider for industrial customers, enabling them to operate efficiently and sustainably. We operate in 36 markets, stock over 830,000 industrial and specialist products and list an additional five million relevant for our industrial customers, sourced from over 2,500 suppliers. This extensive range supports our customers across the industrial lifecycle of designing, building and maintaining equipment and operations. We enhance their experience through a tailored service model, leveraging our efficient physical, digital and process infrastructure sustainably. We combine a technically led and digitally enabled approach with an exceptional team of experts; ultimately, it's our people that make the difference. Our purpose, making amazing happen for a better world, reflects our focus on delivering results for people, planet and profit. RS Group plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange with stock ticker RS1 and in the year ended 31 March 2025 reported revenue of £2,904 million. For more information, please visit www.rsgroup.com About BPX Group BPX is a UK-based specialist distributor of industrial automation and control products, through twenty branches and two regional distribution centres located across the UK & Ireland. BPX is a group of complementary distributors under 7 trading brands. BPX employs c.230 people who are based across multiple locations, including the headquarters and primary Distribution Centre near Leicester, an additional Distribution Centre in Huddersfield, and 20 stock-holding branches within the UK & Ireland. For more information, please visit www.bpx.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and