BETA Close X RS Group PLC has commenced a share buyback programme to purchase ordinary shares for up to £100,000,000, excluding stamp duty and expenses, over a 12-month period ending no later than 19 May 2027. This initiative, managed by Barclays Bank PLC, aims to reduce the company's share capital and is considered beneficial for shareholders, complementing a progressive dividend policy. The company has the authority to purchase up to 47,404,946 ordinary shares under its existing shareholder mandate. Disclaimer* RS Group PLC 20 May 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER FOR SALE OF ANY SECURITIES OR AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO PURCHASE ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION OR A SOLICITATION OF ANY VOTE OR APPROVAL. NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION (DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY) IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION. RS GROUP PLC (" RS Group " or the " Company ") Commencement of Share Buyback Programme As separately announced today in its full-year results for the financial year ended 31 March 2026, RS Group is today commencing a share buyback programme to purchase ordinary shares of 10 pence each in the capital of the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") for up to a maximum consideration of £100,000,000 (excluding stamp duty and expenses) (the " Buyback "). In line with our capital allocation policy and disciplined approach to deploying capital across both organic and M&A opportunities, the Board has reviewed the strength and efficiency of the balance sheet and intends to continue to pursue a progressive dividend policy alongside the Buyback. The Buyback will be conducted over a 12-month period, and the Board will continue to review efficient deployment of capital in line with the capital allocation policy. The Company has entered into an agreement with Barclays Bank PLC (" Barclays ") to manage the Buyback. Barclays will carry out the acquisition of Ordinary Shares (on a riskless principal basis) for subsequent repurchase by the Company. Barclays will make trading decisions in relation to the Buyback independently of the Company with regard to the timing of purchases. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares under the Buyback will be carried out during open and closed periods on the London Stock Exchange. The purpose of the Buyback is to reduce the share capital of the Company. The Directors consider the Buyback to be in the best interests of the Company and of its shareholders generally. The Buyback will commence immediately and will end no later than 19 May 2027. Ordinary Shares purchased under the Buyback will be cancelled. Any purchases under the Buyback shall also take place in accordance with (and subject to the limits prescribed by) the Company's general authority to repurchase Ordinary Shares granted by its shareholders at the annual general meeting on 17 July 2025 (the " Existing Authority ") and any subsequent authority (" Subsequent Authority "); chapter 9 of the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules; the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (as in force in the UK and as amended by the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019); and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (as in force in the UK and as amended by the FCA's Technical Standards (Market Abuse Regulation) (EU Exit) Instrument 2019). The Buyback will be discontinued in the event the Company ceases to have the necessary general authority to repurchase Ordinary Shares. The maximum number of Ordinary Shares that the Company is authorised to purchase under the Existing Authority is 47,404,946 Ordinary Shares. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and