BETA Close X RS Group plc anticipates its full year 2025/26 adjusted profit before tax will be marginally ahead of market expectations, despite a projected like-for-like revenue decline of approximately 0.6% in challenging markets. The company expects EMEA to return to marginal growth in the second half of the fiscal year, while APAC shows continued momentum. The Americas region is expected to decline in the second half due to ongoing difficulties in Mexico. These positive profit expectations are attributed to solid gross margin performance, improved efficiency, and disciplined cost control, with company consensus for adjusted profit before tax at £241 million. Disclaimer* RS Group PLC 25 March 2026 25 March 2026, 7.00am RS GROUP PLC Pre-close trading update Full year 2025/26 adjusted profit before tax marginally ahead of expectations RS Group plc (the "Group") today announces that for the 12 months ended 31 March 2026, in difficult markets, revenue is now expected to decline by approximately 0.6% 1 on a like-for-like 2 basis. EMEA has delivered quarter on quarter improvement throughout the year and we anticipate that it will return to marginal growth in H2 2026. APAC is showing continued momentum, and we expect it to deliver increased revenue growth in H2 2026 when compared to H1 2026. Although Americas was broadly flat in H1 2026, we expect it to decline in H2 2026 as a result of the continuing challenging trading environment in Mexico. We continue to invest and make good progress in our strategic and change initiatives. As a result, despite revenue being lower than anticipated, through a solid gross margin performance, improved efficiency and disciplined cost control, we still expect adjusted profit before tax to be marginally ahead of market expectations 1,3 . Notice of results RS Group plc expects to announce its full year 2025/26 results on Thursday 20 May 2026. Notes: 1. These results are unaudited, and audited full year results will be reported on 20 May 2026 2. Like-for-like revenue and profit measures are adjusted to exclude the effects of changes in exchange rates on translation of overseas profits. They exclude acquisitions in the relevant years until they have been owned for a year, at which point they start to be included in both the current and comparative years for the same number of months. These measures enable management and investors to track more easily, and consistently, the performance of the business. 3. Company compiled consensus for the year ended 31 March 2026 for adjusted profit before tax of £241 million, within a range of £230 million to £247 million (source: RSGroup.com/investors/analyst-consensus). Enquiries: Kate Ringrose Chief Financial Officer 020 7239 8400 Carla Bloom VP Investor Relations 020 7239 8427 Martin Robinson Teneo Communications 020 7260 2700 About RS Group RS is a high-service global product and service solutions provider for industrial customers, enabling them to operate efficiently and sustainably. We operate in 36 markets, stock over 830,000 industrial and specialist products and list an additional five million relevant for our industrial customers, sourced from over 2,500 suppliers. This extensive range supports our customers across the industrial lifecycle of designing, building and maintaining equipment and operations. We enhance their experience through a tailored service model, leveraging our efficient physical, digital and process infrastructure sustainably. We combine a technically led and digitally enabled approach with an exceptional team of experts; ultimately, it's our people that make the difference. Our purpose, making amazing happen for a better world, reflects our focus on delivering results for people, planet and profit. RS Group plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange with stock ticker RS1 and in the year ended 31 March 2025 reported revenue of £2,904 million. For more information, please visit www.rsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 57 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 57 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 57 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 57 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 57 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and