Director/PDMR Shareholding RS Group PLC 21 July 2025 RS GROUP PLC ("the Company") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them The Company makes the following notifications pursuant to the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 . Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Pryce 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RS Group plc b) LEI 549300KVXDURRKVW7R37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code GB0003096442 b) Nature of the transaction - Conditional annual award of shares made under the RS Group plc Long Term Incentive Plan 2022 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 383,393 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 383,393 - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 2025-07-18 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code GB0003096442 b) Nature of the transaction - Conditional annual award of shares made under the RS Group plc Restricted Share Incentive Plan 2025 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 153,357 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 153,357 - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 2025-07-18 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 . Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Kate Ringrose 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RS Group plc b) LEI 549300KVXDURRKVW7R37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code GB0003096442 b) Nature of the transaction - Conditional annual award of shares made under the RS Group plc Long Term Incentive Plan 2022 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 163,659 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 163,659 - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 2025-07-18 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code GB0003096442 b) Nature of the transaction - Conditional annual award of shares made under the RS Group plc Restricted Share Incentive Plan 2025 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 38,508 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 38,508 - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 2025-07-18 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and