AGM Update RS Group PLC 17 July 2025 17 July 2025, 7.00 am RS GROUP PLC AGM update Full year outlook unchanged RS Group plc, the global product and service solutions provider for industrial customers, provides the following update ahead of its Annual General Meeting to be held at 12.00 pm today. The Group continues to make good operational progress and our full year outlook is unchanged. In the first quarter to 30 June 2025, trading in EMEA continued to reflect softer PMIs 1 , with underlying performance in Americas and Asia Pacific proving more resilient. We continued to deliver our strategic action plan including two significant projects of upgrading our digital platform in Americas and consolidating a Distrelec distribution centre in EMEA. Group like-for-like revenue 2 decreased by 2% compared to the same period last year; excluding an anticipated and temporary impact of these operational improvements, trading was broadly flat. We continue to invest to strengthen our proposition, drive ongoing market share growth and improve operational efficiency whilst remaining agile in our execution, pricing and cost management. We are confident that this will generate sustainable value and stronger returns as markets recover, in line with our medium-term financial targets. Notes: 1. Purchasing manager index (PMI) is a survey-based economic indicator designed to provide a timely insight into business conditions. The PMI is widely used to anticipate changing economic trends in official data such as GDP, or sometimes as an alternative gauge of economic performance and business conditions to official data, as the latter sometimes suffer from delays in publication, poor availability or data quality issues (Source: S&P Global). 2. Group like-for-like revenue excludes the impacts of acquisitions, foreign currency and trading days. 3. Company compiled consensus for the year ended 31 March 2026 has revenue of £2,937 million, adjusted operating profit of £269 million and adjusted profit before tax of £245 million. Source: rsgroup.com/investors/analyst-consensus/. 4. Our profit remains sensitive to movements in exchange rates on translation of overseas profits. Average exchange rates for the year ended 31 March 2025 for euro and US dollar respectively were €1.189 and $1.276 respectively. Every 1 cent movement in the euro is forecast to have a c. £1.7 million impact on annual adjusted profit before tax. Every 1 cent movement in the US dollar is forecast to have a c. £0.5 million impact on annual adjusted profit before tax. 5. We expect to see a negative impact of around £9 million on revenue from fewer trading days in full year 2025/26 compared to 2024/25. Enquiries: Kate Ringrose Chief Financial Officer 020 7239 8400 Lucy Sharma Martyn Espley VP Investor Relations Interim Head of Investor Relations 020 7239 8427 020 7239 8427 Martin Robinson Teneo Communications 020 7260 2700 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 57 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 57 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 57 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 57 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 57 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and