BETA Close X RS Group plc announced that Kate Ringrose, the Chief Financial Officer, and persons closely associated with her, including Christopher Ringrose, Evelyn Ringrose, and Nicholas Ringrose, acquired ordinary shares through the company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan on July 24, 2026. Kate Ringrose acquired 125 shares for GBP 854.38, Christopher Ringrose acquired 125 shares for GBP 854.38, Evelyn Ringrose acquired 55 shares for GBP 375.93, and Nicholas Ringrose acquired 55 shares for GBP 375.93, all at a price of GBP 6.835 per share on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* RS Group PLC 27 July 2026 RS GROUP PLC ("the Company") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them The Company makes the following notifications pursuant to the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 . Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Kate Ringrose 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RS Group plc b) LEI 549300KVXDURRKVW7R37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code GB0003096442 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares under the RS Group plc Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP") c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) GBP 6.835 125 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 125 - Price GBP 854.38 e) Date of the transaction 24 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 . Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Christopher Ringrose 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Kate Ringrose - Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RS Group plc b) LEI 549300KVXDURRKVW7R37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code GB0003096442 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares under the RS Group plc Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP") c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) GBP 6.835 125 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 125 - Price GBP 854.38 e) Date of the transaction 24 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 . Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Evelyn Ringrose 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Kate Ringrose - Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RS Group plc b) LEI 549300KVXDURRKVW7R37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code GB0003096442 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares under the RS Group plc Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP") c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) GBP 6.835 55 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 55 - Price GBP 375.93 e) Date of the transaction 24 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 . Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Nicholas Ringrose 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Kate Ringrose - Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RS Group plc b) LEI 549300KVXDURRKVW7R37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument 10 pence ordinary shares Identification code GB0003096442 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares under the RS Group plc Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP") c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) GBP 6.835 55 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 55 - Price GBP 375.93 e) Date of the transaction 24 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and