Making
amazing
nappen

Electrocomponents pic
Annual Report and Accounts
for the year ended 31 March 2020

NIA

A18& 06/11/2020 #2.
COMPANIES HOUSE

31

We are a global
omni-channel
solutions partner
for industrial
customers

and suppliers

Destination :
2025

Read more about our strategic
priorities on pages 13 to 15

>

been ee eee es

Making amazing
happen

The theme for this year’s Annual Report
is ‘making amazing happen’. Throughout
this report you will read stories of how our
people have gone above and beyond for
our customers, suppliers and communities.
Itremains our customer-centric people and
culture that realty differentiate us. This has
been highly evident during the current
COVID-19 crisis, where employees from
across our distribution centres to our offices
have played vital roles in helping provide
solutions, parts and equipment to keep
critical industries running across the public
sector, utilities, healthcare, and food and
beverage (see pages 16 and 17). We are
playing an important role in fighting the
spread of COVID-19 by supporting a
umber of manufacturing consortia as they
seek to source key parts and solutions to
build ventilators. We have also set up 3D
printing farms to produce and distribute
personal protective equipment to frontline
health staff in the UK and the Americas.
We remain confident that the continuity

of service and commitment we offer our
customers and suppliers will accelerate
our joumney to became first choice and
therefore come out of this crisis strongly.

Further information
can be found at
— electrocomponents.com

Financial highlights

Revenue

£1,953.8mM

Change: +3.7%
2019: £1,884.4m

Like-for-like’ revenue growth
2.2%

2019: 8.3%

Profit before tax

£199.6M

Change: +2.3%
2019: £195.2m

Adjusted? profit before tax

£215.0M

like-for-like’ change: (0.5)%
2019: £214.5m

Earnings per share

34.70

Change: +3.9%
2019: 33.4p

Adjusted? earnings per share

37.71

like-for-like! change: +1.1%
2019: 37.0p

Adjusted? free cash flow

£80.9M

Change: (4.3)%
2019: £84.5m

Liko-forike chango exetudes the impact af acquisilions and ihe effects of changes in exchange rates
‘on translation of aversaas aparating results, with 2019 converted at 2020 average axchange rates,
Revenue is also adjusted to ofiminate tno impact of trading days year on year, Acquisitions are only
included once they have bean owned fer a year, at which point thoy slarl to be included in both tno
current and comparative periods far the sama number af months.

Adjusted excludes amortisation of intangible assets arising on acquisition of businesses, substantial
reorganisation costs, substantial asset write-downs, one-off pension credits or costs, significant tax
tate changes and associated income taa (see Note 3 on pages 119 to 123 tor recanciliations),

‘Annual Report and Accounts for Ihe year ended 31 March 2020

Contents

Strategic report

Group at a glance

Qur investment propositio

Chai troduc

Our marketplace

Business model

Chief Executive Officer's review
Our strategic priorities

Key performance indicators
Business review

Financial review

Risks, viability and going concem
Corporate responsi

Non-financial information statement

Corporate govemance report
Chair's letter

Our Board of Directors

Our Senior Management Team
Corporate governance report

Audit Committee report

Nomination Committee report
Directors’ remuneration report
Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsi

Financial statements
Independent Auditors’ report
Group accounts

Company accounts

Five year record

Shareholder information

Electrocomponents pic

ojpuiojul opioyeroUS | squowoj0}# ;o;2uoU} i ‘e2uDus9406 49104109 |

ode: 2/6ayny$ |

Group at a glance

A global
partner

We are a global omni-channel solutions partner for industrial
customers and suppliers. We aim to provide an unrivalled
choice of industrial and electronic products, solve problems
with innovative solutions and deliver best-in-class customer
service making it easy to do business with us.

EMEA Asia Pacific
Revenue: £1.239.8m Revenue: £198.3m

Americas

Revenue: £515.7m
Percentage of EMEA revenue

2.1%

like-for-like growth

2.2%

like-for-like growth

© Northern Europe
© Southern Europe
© Cental Europe

@ Emerging markets

Through our international scale and reach

45% ? 7
30% . (e)
2%
4% like-for-like growth

...we operate responsibly through a broad range of industries:

Manufacturing

C. 53%

of revenue!

* Process manufacturing

+ Electronics

* Original equipment manufacturers
(OEMs) and general manufacturing

Our leading brands...

RS Components (RS) is the leading
omni channel provider of industrial and
electronic products and solutions to
industrial customers across EMEA
and Asia Pacific, as well as providing
electronics in the Americas.

Allied Electronics & Automation (Allied)
is a leading omni-channel industrial
provider in the Americas with a focus.
‘on automation and control.

Services

C. 37%

of revenue’

+ Public sector
+ Business and other services
+ Retail, logistics and wholesale

Our own brand...
S

RS PRO is our own-brand range of more
than 63,000 high-quality, competitively
priced products.

Our SBC and foT brand...

&

Odo is our global technulogy business,
focused on meeting the rapidly evolving
needs of single-board computing

(SBC) and Intcmct of Things (loT)
segments worldwide.

Our products and solutions categories...

« Industrial: we supply a broad range of products and solutions from test and measurement including testing and calibration,
through to automation and control, with products across mechanical, fluid power, factory automation and machine safety as well
as emerging technologies such as robotics. We offer facilities maintenance products including tools, personal protective equipment,
site safety and 30 printing. Wo also provide outsourced procuremont, inventory and stores management services, in addition te

transactional processing solutions.

Infrastructure

Cc. 10%

of revenue!
+ Utilities, transport and communications
+ Mining and construction

1. Excludes private and unctassified customer rovenua.
Our value-added
solution brands...
DESIGNSPARK

DesignSpark is our online design

community and resource centre for
makers, students and design engineers.

C)

IESA provides outsourced procurement,
inventory and stores management
services, in addition to transactional
processing solutions.

Electronics: we supply a broad product range such as semiconductors, SBC and passives. There is also a significant focus in

ongoing market trends, most importantly loT and renewable energy, which will sco us explore and introduce new technologies.

2 Electrocomponents pic

Annual Report and Accounis for the year ended 31 March 2020

Our investment proposition

Four key reasons
to invest

Uniquely positioned
in attractive market

market opportunity

Driving market
share gains

>LX

market growth rate target

Building a lean and
sustainable model

Strong balance sheet
and attractive cash flow

>80%

adjusted operating cash flow
conversion target

1. Our alm post-investment in strategic Initlatives.

c. £400bn

Mid-teen

adjusted operating profit margin target

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2020

We are committed to building a lean and
sustainable business, which {s well positioned
over the longer term to grow in excess of the
market and drive best-in-class margins and
strong free cash flow.

poder 2)Bojous

+ Global player in large fragmented marketplace
- Market valued at c. £400 billion
- Market typically grows at GDP+
- Top 50 players account for c. 30% of the global market

+ Uniquely positioned to take market share
- Global scale and distribution network
— Customer-centric people and expertise
— Strong supplier retationships
- Broad range and value-added solutions proposition
= Leader in digital

We aim to grow at greater than two times
the market, driving share gains by:
* Growing customer count

— Become first choice; grow promoter base

- Drive more traffic to websites

- Increase ontine conversion by improving experience

* Selling more to existing customers
- First choice customers spend 25% more
- Scale range and add new product categories
- Roll out value-added solutions proposition
- Sell the full offer; improve sales effectiveness

* We have made good progress to date
- Stabilising gross margin
- Improving adjusted operating profit margin from 6.7%
in 2015 to 11.3% in 2020

+ We aim to drive sustainability and scalability and
lower our cost to serve by:
— Simplifying our technology estate
- Building a sustainable and scalable supply chain
- Rolling out global shared services and automation

+ Long-term aspiration to achieve a mid-teen
adjusted operating profit margin

+ We have a strong balance sheet
* Cash generative

+ We will reinvest cash to drive faster share gains

» Accelerate strategy via disciptined valve-accretive
bolt-on acquisitions to:
- Drive market share gains
- Add new product categories
— Accelerate value-added solutions offer

Electrocomponents ple

Chair's introduction

Well placed
to continue
to outperform

This year’s Annual Report has been
finalised during the midst of the COVID-19
crisis. Those employees who can are
working from home, and those that work
jin our distribution centres (DCs) across
the globe continue to work with enhanced
‘safety measures. Everyone is working
hard not only to keep our own organisation
funning but also those critical businesses
that depend on our services in the food
and beverage, healthcare, utilities and
power generation industries, as well as.
the public sector. | am immensely proud of
the way all our people have responded and
their ongoing courage and commitment,
which continue fo differentiate us.

In this Annual Report we have sought

to set out clearly and concisely: our
performance over the past year, our
‘strategy going forward; the risks we face
and how we are managing them; and our
approach to ensure we sustain the highest
‘standards of corporate governance. {n this
introduction | would like to expiain why

| believe we are well placed to not only
pass through this challenging period but,
more importantly, emerge from it strongly.

First, we entered this period of
unprecedented uncertainty in strong
financial shape. 2020 was another year
of good progress for the Group. with
continuing market share gains and
revenue growth despite an uncertain
macroeconomic backdrop. We saw a
resilient profit performance alongside

4 Electrocomponents plc

increased investment to advance our
Destination 2025 strategy to drive scale
and efficiency. We also took further
steps forward in customer and supplier
Satisfaction, enhanced our value-added
solutions proposition, broadened our
product offering and drove further
improvements in our digital capabilities.
These important steps have been critica!
in enabiing us to continue to offer our
customers and suppliers excellent
service. We have deliberately pursued a
conservative balance sheet poficy in recent
years, and the Group today has a robust
financial position with low net debt, strong
financial ratios and good liquidity.

Second, we have a strong and engaged
Senior Management Team (SMT) who
have been energetically transforming the
performance of the business in recent
years. Our team has been quick to identify
a range of proactive and mitigating actions
to ensure we continue to drive share gains
while conserving cash and preserving
profitability in a measured way,

Third, we have a clear strategy —
Destination 2025 - which gives clarity
about the capabilities we must preserve
and even strengthen so that we can
emerge from this crisis stronger. Our
programmes to expand and automate
our DCs are already well progressed

and will give us capacity and flexibility

in the future. We will continue to prioritise
targeted investment in developing our

GC

We entered this crisis in
good financial shape,

with a strong management
team and a clear strategy.
We are well placed

not only fo pass through
this downturn but also
emerge from it strongly with
enhanced market share.”

Peter Johnson
Chair

value-added solutions and our digital
capabilities, which enable us to maintain
a high Jevel of service to our customers.

And fourth, we continue to sustain the
highest standards of corporate govemance,
which equip us well to navigate through
these challenging times.

Environmental, social and
governance

We are committed to being a socially and
environmentally responsible organisation
with high ethical standards and strong
governance. During the year, we have made
good progress at advancing our corporate
responsibility (CR) agenda to ensure we
play a broader role in our society and, in
Particular, an important part in protecting our
environment and combatting climate change
(see pages 45 to 57). We have developed
Plans not only to reduce our own
emissions but in time develop and provide
solutions to help our customers and
broader supply chain become more
sustainable. As part of this work we have
‘set new non-financiat key performance
indicators (KPIs) and targets which are
discloses in this year's Annual Report

(see pages 20 and 21).

As a Group we have a clear purpose of
‘making amazing happen’ and a strong set
of ethical values, which are the principles
we are using to ensure we successfully
navigate the COVID-19 crisis and balance
the needs of all our stakeholders and

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2020

broader society. Throughout the crisis,

our number one priority has been to ensure
the health and safety of all our employees.
Our people have shown amazing
commitment and dedication to ensure our
customers and suppliers can help keep
critical industries running. We are doing all
that we can to support them and protect
them as they do so. We are also playing
‘our own part in the fight against COVIO-19
and have set up 3D printing farms in the
UK and the Americas to print personal
protective equipment {PPE) for frontline
health workers. Our teams around the
world are also supporting numerous
ventures to help manufacture ventilators,
continuous positive airway pressure
(CPAP) machines and other medical

and testing equipment to help fight the
impact of the virus (see pages 16 and 17).

As an organisation we continue to remain
committed to the highest standards of
corporate governance. This helped us
manage through a difficult period during
2020 when our Chief Executive Officer
(CEO), Lindsley Ruth, took a leave of
absence from the business for three
months to receive treatment for a
medical condition. Under the leadership
of our Chief Financial Officer (CFO),
David Egan, and with the support of our
‘SMT, momentum was maintained and
the business continued to move forward.
I would like to thank David and the SMT,
for the excellent job they have done and
continue to do. | am very pleased to see
Lindsley return fully recovered and
re-energised to lead the business through
this period and towards Destination 2025.

Looking forward, the Board will also
continue to pursue ongoing governance
priorities which include but are not limited
to: stakeholder engagement (see page 85);
the search for my successor as Chair, led
by our Senior Independent Director (SID),
David Steath (see page 84); and continuing
our work to advance our CR agenda (see
pages 45 and 46).

Delivering our full potential

2020 was the first year of our Destination
2025 strategy to build the technology, tools
and infrastructure which will enable us to
transform our offer and scale our business
efficiently and sustainably. The progress

made during the year was significant
and will help us recover rapidly from the
current crisis. Our rebuilt RS mobile-first
responsive website will be rolled out during
the first half of 2021 and our expanded
and highly automated DC in Fort Worth,
Texas, will come on stream in summer
2020. The expansion of our DC in Bad
Hersfeld, Germany, is well under way,

as are further improvements across the
Group in online experience, value-added
solutions and product and content
technology. We are of course monitoring
the COVID-19 situation extremely closely
and taking a prudent approach to future
capital expenditure.

Enhancing our collective wisdom
We have continued to strengthen

the skill set and diversity of our Board.
During the year, John Pattullo stood
down as a Non-Executive Director and
SIO. | woutd like to thank him for his
significant contribution over the past six
years. David Sleath joined the Board in
June 2019 and took over from John as SID
in September 2019. As a serving CEO of
a FTSE 100 company, he brings a wealth
of experience to the Board. We also
appointed Joan Wainwright to the Board
as a Non-Executive Director in November
2019. Joan brings extensive supplier

and distribution experience and key
insights into the important US market
(see page 84).

Looking forward

While our business continuity plans
have ensured that the supply side of our
business is operating largely as normal,
the COVID-19 crisis and the ongoing
restrictions on public mobility are having
a significant impact on demand levels

in many of our key markets. Ouring the
first eight weeks of the year ending

34 March 2021, Group like-for-like
revenue declined 14% (see page 25).

We are taking appropriate action to protect
profit and conserve cash while ensuring
we continue to position the Group to take
advantage of the opportunities that will
arise out of the changed business needs
which are likely to emerge from the current
challenges and come out of this crisis
‘strongly with enhanced market share

(see pages 10 to 12).

Annual Repor! and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2020

Dividend

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic,

the current operating environment for all
businesses across the globe is one of
heightened uncertainty. Notwithstanding
the robust trading position and the Group's
strong balance sheet, the Board believes it
is prudent to defer the decision on the final
dividend for the year ended 31 March 2020
until it has greater visibility and the impact
of COVID-19 on activity levels and cash
generation in our key markets have
become clearer.

The Board recognises the importance
of its progressive dividend policy to its
shareholders and will therefore review
making an additional interim dividend
payment related to the financial year
ended 31 March 2020 at the Group's
haif-year results in November 2020.

People

Our priority remains to safeguard the
health and wellbeing of our employees
during this extremely challenging time.
| thank them all for the resilience and
character they have shown in adapting
to the new reality of the COVID-19
situation and for the fantastic work
they continue to do to support all

our stakeholders across the globe.

We are all committed to building a
diverse culture at Electrocomponents
where everyone can connect, learn and
develop. We have been making good
progress at becoming a more inclusive
organisation and | have been particularly
encouraged by the ongoing work across
the business to promote mental health
awareness and diversity and inclusion
(see pages 50 and 51).

| am always aware that our vastly
improved performance over recent years
has been made possible by the effort
and commitment of all our colleagues,
whatever their role. Again, | thank them
all and their families — | am immensely
grateful for all they are doing.

Peter Johnson

Chair
1 June 2020

Electrocomponents pic s

poder 3ojons |

Our marketplace

Well positioned in a
large and fragmented
marketplace

Our proposition

We are an omni-channel solutions partner for industria! customers and suppliers who are involved in designing, building or maintaining
industrial equipment and facilities. We aim to provide an unrivalled choice of product technologies, solve problems with innovative
solutions and deliver a world-class customer experience making it easy to do business with us. We work with our customers across
the product life cycle to create solutions that make it easy for them to do business, saving them time and money, and making their
operations more sustainable. Our product knowledge and technical expertise, underpinned by data and digital excellence, allow us

to work alongside customers to help manage their indirect procurement more effectively and efficiently. k
ey
@ wnere we play

Our customer types

[ Design engineers, buyers . Production engineers, buyers Maintenance engineers, buyers

Design Build Maintain / end of life
Electronics
Industrial

Extensive range of products
and components

Single-board computing and Internet ~~ ge] ‘T Maintenance sotutions
of Things (lof) solutions L

Our market

The market today
Large, fragmented, local in
nature and digitally immature.

The market in which we operate is large and fragmented —

we estimate the global market is valued at c. £400 billion and
typically grows at GDP+. There is significant opportunity in the
marketplace to continue to take share across all our operating
regions. Our aim is to continue to grow at two times the rate of

the market, despite macroeconomic conditions and continue to
increase our customer count, through both selling more to existing
customers and acquiring new customers. Today, our market share
globally is less than 1% and even in our most mature market,

the UK, we have a market share of under 5%.

Well positioned to
take share

Our traditional industria! competitor base is made up of small,
primarily regional or local players, often focused on niche or
single categories with limited digital presence. In the industrial
market our global reach, broad range, digital expertise and
‘solution capal S Mean we are uniquely positioned to
differentiate and disrupt.

The future market
Large, more consolidated
and omni-channel (majority
of revenue ontine).

Become first choice
in this market

6 Electrocomponents pic Annual Report and Accounts for ine year ended 31 March 2020

pode: 2501045 |

Key market trends and our strategy

As trends in the market and customer behaviours continuousty evolve, we are working to anticipate our customers’ and suppliers’
needs in order to become their first choice. With the recent market uncertainty surrounding COVID-19, there is now evidence that
increasing restrictions in some of our major markets are impacting demand. Our digital business model continues to differentiate
us versus our traditional offline competitor base and has helped us maintain service levels to our customers which include critical
industries. During these chatlenging times, we are able to continue to support customers with the reliability and service they have
comé to expect, providing the convenience and one-stop shop they require, and offer procurement and inventory management

solutions.that help them improve operational efficiency and lower the total cost of ownership.

Market
consolidation

c. 30%

of the global market is
represented by the top.
50 players

We operate in a large,
fragmented market with
many local and regional
niche players. Across the
market we have continued

to see consolidation amongst
traditional offline distributors,
and the emergence of

new competitors such

as online marketplaces.

Our strategy:

We continue to grow our
market share across our
key regions by offering our
customers a differentiated
digital proposition. We have
focused on investing in

our technology and data

a scalable and sustainable
supply chain. We continue
to improve our customer
offer via range expansion,
the rollout of new value“
added solutions and:technical
expertise. Through these
capabilities we'are able

to provide best-in-class
customer experiences.
While ur key focus remains
organic growth, we will
Consider value-accretive
bolt-on acquisitions where
they can accelerate

7 our strategy.

capabilities as well as building

4

Digital
transition

24.3%

}.of global GOP will come
trom the digital economy
by 2025 (Source: Oxford
Economics)

Our traditional competitor
base in the industrial market
tends to be small offline local
or single product category
players who lack the critical
mass and expertise to \
deliver a best-in-class digital. |
experience. Meanwhile as we ‘|
see the shift to online grow, 5
customers are increasingly
coming tu expect a bu: 35,”
to-consumer (B2C) type

online experience even.in

the business-to-business

(828) world.

Our strategy:

Digital teadership continues
to be a’key strategic priority
as,customers place increasing
Value on their online
experience. We continue to
focus on driving more traffic
to our websites, by enhancing
brand awareness, investing
in digital marketing and
broadening our product range.
We are accelerating activities
to improve online experience
so we can convert a higher
proportion of website traffic
into revenue and drive a highly
personalised experience for
our customers to drive growth
in basket size.

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2020

Customers seeking
a one-stop shop

2:1
°

ratio of procurement
cost vs product cost

(Source: Manchester
Business School)

Customers are seeking
convenience. They want

to simplify procurement,
consolidate spend, manage
their supply chain more
efficiently and have access
to solutions that help optimise
maintenance and production.
They seek a product range
with breadth and depth, along
with a solutions proposition,
helping them to reduce

cost and consolidate their
supplier base — streamlining
their operations.

Our strategy:

We aim to offer our customers.
unrivalled choice and stock
over 500,000 products across
a broad range of categories.
While we have significant
depth in many of these
product categories, we have
continuously invested to
expand our range using data
to identify areas of customer
need. We continue to roll out
our value-added solutions

in new markets and expand
our offer in existing markets,
to help make customers’

lives easier in areas across
design, procurement,
inventory management

and maintenance.

The rise of digital

technology

>25bn

connected things by
2021 (Source: Gartner)

Businesses, particularly in
manufacturing, are changing
Ue way they operate with
the introduction of smart
factories. The fourth industrial
revolution (Industry 4.0) or
Industrial Internet of Things
(loT) is about optimising
productivity and driving more
‘sustainable operations
through data management
and machine connectivity

to make smart factories

a possibility.

Our strategy:

By being a supplier

of both industrial and
electronic products, we are
well positioned to capitalise
‘on this trend and help our
customers transform the way
they operate. Our business
is continuously striving to
drive more innovation,
creating solutions to help
our customers with smart
factory solutions. Our 2019
acquisition of Monition
propelled us forward in

this space as we focus

on strategies to expand our
services into loT, predictive
maintenance, and energy
and emissions monitoring.

Electrocomponents pic 7

Business model

How we create We are a global omni-channel solutions
partner for industrial customers and suppliers.
We aim to provide an unrivalled choice of

value for our industrial and electronic products, solve

problems with innovative solutions and deliver

sta keholders best-in-class customer service making it easy

to do business with us.

We enable design engineers to use a single source
for all design work across our DesignSpark and
OKdo platforms by providing access to ideas and
innovation as well as products. Our DesignSpark
community now has 930,000 members.

Our competitive
“advantage
‘comes from our

We offer solutions for customers to consolidate their
spend and reduce procure-to-pay costs, providing
continued cost efficiencies across eProcurement
solutions, RS ConnectPoint™ and systems such

as [ESA's marketplace platform, MyMRO.

>) and Our ability to offer unrivalled choice
‘and solutions through our broad range «+
A+ of products, own-brand rangé, RS PRO,
and o