RS Group ple Annual Fepor: ard Accounts 2026

STRATEGIC
PROGRESS
BUILDING

MOMENTUM

HOW WE SHAPE
FUTURE VALUE

‘AS a global provider of product and service solutions for
industrial customers, we stay ahead in a rapidly evolving world
through focused execution and long-term thinking. Two years
into our strategic plan, we are detivering a stronger proposition
for our stakeholders and building momentum to capture
Growth and further increase market share. Our actions today
are unlocking long,term value for RS Group, our stakeholders,
and society - building on responsibilty inclusivity, and strong
strategic foundations that are powering progress.

ering customer sy, Cesg
sp nead MOXE On page

Powering
our people
to perform

Strategic report
Performance highlights

Governance report
Chairmants eter

Chairman's introduction Board of Directors

Ataclance Governance ata glance

Our marketplace (Our governance Famework

Our s:rategy Board activities during the year

Chief Executive Officers Board engagement
(CeOlrerew__.__9 ard performance review

Our business model Board appointments, time
Our stakeholders

2
8

85

commitments and development
(Our g:owth ambitions

Compliance with the UK
Key performance indicators Corporate Governance Code

86

Financial review ‘Nomination Committee report

7

Regional review ‘Audit Committee raport

Risks, ability and going concern Directors’ Remune”ation report

Directors’ report
Statement of Dir

Task Force on Climate-related responsibilities
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

Environment, social
and gevernanc

Financial statements
Independent Auditors’ report

122

Sectior 172 statement Group accounts:

Company accounts

Other information
Shareholder information

Glossary of terms

‘We have included a glossary of terms at the end of
this doaument to help explain our acronyms,

For infomation about your shareholding visit
sgroup.com/investors/shareholder-information

‘STRATEGIC REPORT
Performance highlights

FINANCIAL

+ Read more on page 24

GOVERNANCE REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OTHER INFORMATION

RS Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2026

ESG GLOBAL GOALS

+ Read more on pages 41 tc 67

Revenue

£2,881m

Change: (1)%

Adjusted" operating profit margin

9.2%

Change: (0.2) pts

‘Adjusted! profit before tax

£246m

Like-for-tike change: (2)%6

ADVANCING 10;

SUSTAINABILITY lo

w—S Reduction in Scope 1 and 2
% emissions sine 2019720"

2024/25: 64%

Like-for-like' revenue change

(0)%

Change: #2 pts

Operating profit margin

8.3%

Change: +0.3 pts

Profit before tax

£220m

Change: +796

curoaRNG
ue eOPLe

oy, ‘employee engagement
Oc soe

2024/28: 72

Adjusted’ basic earnings per share

38.7p

Like-for-ike change: (2)%6

Adjusted free cash flow

£202m

Change: (6)%

Dividend per share

22.9p

Change: +2%

CHAMPIONING

fone

SMES gece ond

@ ‘students supported since
7 oan

2024/25 913k

Basic earnings per share

34.6p

Change: +6%

Net cash generated from
‘operations

£351m

Change: +196

Return on capital employed"

15.4%

Charge: +0.2 pts

DOING BUSINESS.

RESPONSIBLY 59%

y’ > of suppliers by spend have
¥ {an EcoVadis rating to drive
ESG performance

2024/25: 55%

ESG RATINGS
AND STANDARDS

Climate leadershie
score:

Medal eating
Flatinum

CD sustanaurtics

Glotal top so
£56 companies

‘S&P Global

S&P: ncluded in
Susainat ity Yearbook

1 An alternative performance measur (APM), Definitions of APM together with the rationale for resenting such measures and how
these measures have been calculated can be found in Note 3 on pages 137 to 141

2, Progress includes emissions from acquisitions within all reporting years from 2019/20 to 2025/26, excluding BPX Group which willbe
added to current and historic years 2026/27,

2 RS Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Chairman's introduction

DELIVERING PROGRESS IN A
CHALLENGING ENVIRONMENT

{4(5

This has been a year in which
our disciplined strategic focus,
coupled with the resilience

of our people, has continued
to drive progress, despite an
uneertain and challenging
market backdrop.”

Greater alignment and focus,
enhanced agility and capability,
and improved execution
combine to deliver progress
in a challenging environment.

My sincere thanks, and those of the entire
Board, goes to everyone at RS Group for their
energy and expertise. We would also like to
‘acknowledge the leadership of Simon Pryce
and Kate Ringrose, and the dedication of

ur Executive Committee (ExCo) and wider
management teams, whose leadership have
been instrumental throughout the year.

Value creative acquisitions are part of our
strategy and we have been disciplined in

‘our capital allocation policy. We are pleased

to extend a warm welcome to the BPX team
following the completion of this acquisition in
March 2026. BPX complements RS' strengths

in automation and control and enhances our
technical capabilities and high service focus.
This year has also been about completing the
integration of our Distrelec business, a major
milestone being the closure of their distribution
centre in the Netherlands. Common to all
integrations, this created some short-term
disruption, however we have successfully
delivered synergies that now exceed the original
business plan. The integration has also provided
valuable learnings that will support future
acquisitions and integrations,

+ More details on our BPX acquisition can be
found on page 19

Our strategy
This was the second year of ou" multi-year
strategic plan, and despite market challenges,
we have made good 2rogress towards becoming
a stronger and more agile busiess, which
should resonate with all our stekeholders,

During the year, we made strorg progress
‘across many areas with much cf our investment
focusing on customer-facing data, systems, and
processes. We are now moving into activatior
phase. These front-end investrr ents will drive
deeper customer insight, enabling us to make
better informed decisions, and in turn drive

{an improved customer experience, All of this
Positions the business for accelerated growth,
‘As part of our digital commerce platform
‘upgrade in the US, we had some short-term
disruption to our US sales, which somewhat
slowed our growth in the first half of the year.
Learnings from this are now do-umented, and
we are starting the phased rolicut out of the
digital commerce platform in EMEA this year.

‘Another key area of focus has been investment
in our people, including the adcition of two
ew Executive members to the eadership
team. During the year we launched the
Leadership Advantage Programme for 90 of
Cour senior leaders, including all members of
the ExCo to support in developing the skills
‘and capabilities needed to drive our long-term
‘ambitions. We have also made meaningful
progress in strengthening our supply chain
‘management, enhancing our sclutions offering,
27d driving operational excellence. Together,
these initiatives give us strong confidence as
ve look to the coming years, where we can fully
deploy these enhancements to drive market
share gains, improve efficiency, and expand
‘operating leverage.

+ See pages 8 to 14 for more details on
our strategy

—r

STRATEGIC REPORT

5
i
|

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | OTHER INFORMATION

Our culture and values

RS Group's strong and cohesive <ulture remains
one of our greatest assets and is a key enabler
of our strategy. Because our values were shaped
by our people, they provide a shared language
and a unifying framework that reflects life at

RS. They guide everyday behaviours, support
constructive challenge, and help set clear
‘expectations of what goad looks like across

the Group,

As they become further embedded into
‘our ways of working, they are improving
consistency, collaboration, and accountability
across teams, functions, and geographies,
and underpinning how we work together

to deliver for stakeholde's, support ethical
‘and responsible decision-making, and drive
sustainable, long-term p2rformance

Over the past year, the B2ard has seen clear
‘evidence that our four values are increasingly
shaping how our people think, behave, and
‘make decisions as one team, whe deliver
brilliantly, by doing the right thinc, to make
every day better for all our stakeF older groups.
This has been reflected in colleag.se feedback,
3 point uplift on last year’s engagement score,
and is demonstrated in behaviours every day.

+See pages 10, 16 and 51 to $4 for more on our
culture and values

Our stakeholders

(Our vision remains esolute: to be the first,
Choice for all our stakeholders. Engagement with
Our people, customers, suppliers, communities
‘around us, and, importantly, our shareholders, is
a core part of how we operate and informs the
Board's oversight and strategic decision-making.

‘Throughout the year, the Board has engaged
with colleagues across the organisation
through events such as site visits, ceep dives,
‘and engagement sessions. These interactions
reinforce the Boards confidence in the strength,
cohesiveness, and carabilty of our leadership
and teams worldwide,

Our customers are central to the Groups
long-term success. We recognise that
enduring customer relationships are built on
trust, ease of doing business, and an ability

to support customers as their needs evolve
Significant investment and progress has been
‘made in enhancing customer engagement
through the integration of global data and

the deployment of Custcmer Relationship
Manager (CRM) and data platforms, enabling

‘a more targeted and personalised approach
Early results demonstrate improved conversion,
increased sales oppcrtunities and growth in
higher-value customer segments,

‘Our suppliers play a vital role in enabling
the breadth, quality, and innovation of our

offer to our customers. Our trusted supplier
partnerships are a key source of competitive
‘advantage, supporting responsible growth and
shared value creatior. We continue to engage
closely with suppliers to enhance collaboration,
promote high ethical and environmental,

social and governance (ESG) standards, and
ensure partnerships remain aligned with the
Groups strategic priorities, This approach
enhances resilience across our value chain while
‘supporting suppliers in reaching end-users,
effectively and responsibly.

RS Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2626

We continue to embed robust ESG practices
throughout our operations. Our ESG
commitment remains a genuire competitive
advantage. not anly through our strong external
ratings and recognition, but a so because our
‘approach helps our customers and suppliers
‘meet their own sustainability targets and drives
‘commercial benefit for the Group. Our Better
World product range comprises more than
33,000 products, underpinned by an industry
standard, laims-based framework, it enables
customers to make more sustainable choices
while improving efficiency and reducing costs.
‘Alongside this, we continue to drive efficiencies
across our aperations and logistics to reduce
cost and carbon, having reduced our scope 1
‘and 2 emissions by 67% since 2019/20, and
remain on track to deliver our -arget of 75%
reduction by 2030,

We remain committed to enabling and
empowering our people to make a meaningful
difference in their communities through our
Local Community Fund and pa d volunteering
days. We ar2 proud to support our Group-wide
‘employee vote to select our global social impact
partner for she next three years, SolarAid,

This year, we continued extensive engagement
with shareha‘ders across globel markets,
including numerous meetings with investors
and ongoing dialogue through our leadership
teams. Following the approval of the 2025,
Remuneration Policy by sharehoiders at

the Annual General Meeting (AGM) in july
2025, we undertook focused engagement to
ensure our approach remains eligned with
shareholder expectations

+ More details regarding our engagement with
stakeholders can be found on pages 16 to 18

OUR CULTURE AND VALUES |

‘Shaped by our people across the business,
Cur values capture what matters to us and
ow we show up every day. Intraduced in
2024, they help guide decisions reccgnise
positive behaviours and strengthen cur
Shared culture, supporting our seopI

‘our teams, and “he successful delivery of
our strategy.

We listen, respect, ard
trust each other. We seek
diverse perspectives.

We collaborate with
Purpose, as or

ccnnected tearr

We are empowered, take:
‘ownership, and deliver
what customers need! with
energy and passion,

w

We
DELIVER
BRILLIANTLY

We care about our impac:
on colleagues, custorrers,
suppliers, and ccmmunitiss,
today and tomorrow.

o

we 00 THe

RIGHT

THING

We are adaptable, ag)
and inspired to innova:>
‘and make positive cha ges,
always finding ways

to improve, challenge,

and simplify.

a

We MAKE
EVERY DAY
BETTER

4 RSGroup ple Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Chairman's introduction continued

Following two years of targeted
investment and strategic
evolution, we enter the year
ahead with strong momentum
and a disciplined focus on
what is within our control

Returning value to shareholders
We recognise the importance of returning
Capita to shareholders and remain committed
to progressive dividend policy, supported

by disciplined and efficient balance sheet
management. We are therefore pleased to
announce a further increase in our dividend
0 22.9p. Our approach to capital allocation
continues to prioritise investment in the
business ahead of inorganic opportunities,
ensuring long-term value creation. Ifwe

have additional capital to deploy, the Board
will consider how best to return any surplus

to shareholders ~ alongside the committed
dividend - wiilst maintaining an efficient
balance sheet. The Board is also mindful
ofthe need to remain flexible to pursue

value accretive opportunities as they arise

Our Board

RS Group has an outstanding Board of Directors,
whose diverse experience, insicht, and ability to
Challenge continues to reinforce our governance
‘and strategic oversight with the support of our
experienced ExCo

During the year, Carole Cran and Miles Roberts,
‘who both joined the Board at the end of 2024/25,
undertook an intensive induction programme,
{and have already brought significant insights to
ur discussions. Louisa Burdett stepped down
from the Board with effect from 31 January 2026,
would very much lke to thank ouisa for her
invaluable and dedicated contribution over her
iine-year tenure,

This year, the Board carried out an externally
facilitated annual performance review, We are
pleased to cor firm that the Board is viewed
as strong and operating very effectively.

‘We will however continue to find ways to

use the feedback to improve further our
‘ongoing focus on effectiveness, succession
planning, and continued enhancement of our
governance framework

+ See pages 83 and 84 for more details

Looking ahead
Wich a dear and consistent strategic focus,
«a strengthened operating model, a strong
2nd improving leadership and a cohesive
culture, RS Group is wel positioned to
capture meaningful growth opportunities
as markets recover.

Following two years of targeted investment
and strategic evolution, we enter the year
ahead with strong momentum and a disciplined
focus on what is within our control. We are now
beginning to leverage the capabilities we have
builtin our front-end systems to drive growth
and further increase market share.

We are shaping a stronger future pesition,

with the ambition and confidence to deliver
sustained growth and compelling re:urns in

the years ahead,

Rona Fairhead
Chairman

ISTRATEGICIREPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION

Ata glance

OUR PURPOSE
Why we exist
Making amazing
happen for a
better world

+Read more on pages 41 to 67

OPERATING IN 33 COUNTRIES
Asia Padtic
OUR VISION 5%
Where we are going . =
To be first Americas Group Revenue ‘AMERICAS ASIA PACIFIC

5% £2,88im Revenue Revenue Revenue
choice for all our a
stakeholders Group revenue £1,803m £855m £223m

change: Change: (6% change: 2%

+ Rear re on. to Chan 1,

Rewtmoreonpagerserose Sarge Ukeforkechange098 Uetorikeshange(an Chane enange: si
Uke for ke cha nouns enim eee he onaas: sion

+Readmore.onpage29 + Read more on page 31+ Read more on page 32

OUR VALUES SUPPORTING CUSTOMERS ACROSS A RANGE OF INDUSTRIES

How we do business | Design and Discrete Process Facilities and Energy and
q A | Manufacturing Manufacturing Intralogistics Utilities:

a) wc ES wer B

Me
ONE ADRLIVER ‘SMALL BATCH, CONFIGURED PRODUCTION ——--—— PLANNED AND EMERGENCY MAINTENANCE, REPAIR AND OPERATIONS (WR)
TEAM

YP g MULTIPLE PRODUCT CATEGORIES | Personal

Protection

| Automation & Control (A&C) cables & |Semis& | Facilities & Equipment
RiGHT —evtet'ay [and electritation Connectors | passives _| Maintenance Site Safaty

THING BETTER iar erro 7% Ye% fee [om

+ Read more on page 3 Mechanical Test & lother
* thee = 11% & Fluid Power [Measurement

6 RS Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Our marketplace

WELL POSITIONED Abroad and deep product offering
‘We have the product range, sperior availabilty, and responsive service capabilities that enable us
to offer industrial and MRO products globally. Our electronics range concen-rates mat lyon the
FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH subcategories assocated wt ndustolequrements

Full offer

Partial range
THE MARKET IN WHICH WE OPERATE Product categories
We operate in a large and fragmentec industrial market and are one of 3 few global ‘A&C and Electrification
istributors of industrial maintenance, repair and operation (MRO) prod ct and service
solutions. We estimate our serviceable addressable market to be ¢. £130 billion, whic.
includes adde3-value distribut on (high-service, low-volume) within RS G-cups chosen Semis & Passives (including
Countries and produc: categories. Despite ts size, much of the market i stil local and many of single-board computing)
ur competitors are independent businesses and regional firms, which specialise in ¢ narrow Mechanical & Fluid Power
product offering or limited service solutions and have less-developed digital capabilities -
Our customers have common needs, including small order size, high availabilty, digital
methods of crder and payment management, technical expertise, and s2rvice capability. PPE & Site Safety

Test & Measurement

‘Unnamed major competitors

Facities & Vaintenance

Cables & Connectors

Cables & Connectors PPE & Site Safety Our services and solutions

We have solutions that span our customers’ asset lfecycles as they manage ther design,
Procurerent, inventory, anc MRO needs. Drawing on decades of RS expe-ise and the latest
in digitisation and industrial MRO trends, we identify and resolve customer chal enges with
ur services and solutions p-oposiion

Test &
Measurement
ssuremet Specity Repair

jechanical Te Procure
Mechanical Va Ne

& Fluid Power CZ Research

A&C and RS solutions
Electrification sed lifetime valu

‘Semis & Passives
(including single-boare

Optinising RO
computing)

Delivering Supporting sugply chain,
product now-how and automating ‘Accelerating equpment Inch ding cata,
toimprove customers sranufacturing effectiveness racsrement
customers procures capabilities ‘and quality suateny, sofware
Fecilities & Maintenance applications ay process assurance 25 35vcn,
Key: ane screreom
Estimated RS share of market

GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

TRENDS THAT SHAPE

OUR MARKET

pone BUSINESS Eg

we Be aa

Our B28 custemers are expecting
a personalisec, seamless
experience mirroring the B2C
online experiexce, while providing
features speific to business
Procurement Sur suppliers want
8 partner tha: understands their
technical, spedialist products

and can brine zhe r products te
market successfully.

OTHER INFORMATION

RS Group ple annual Report and Accou-ts 2026,

ntinue to review the key trends that shape the markets we
operate in. As we execute our strategic action plan, we remain agile.

reacting to the ever-changing market demands, future-proofing our
business, while remaining focused on our long-term vision.

PROVIDING SOLUTIONS} |

Large 828 customers increasingy
require more than simply a surplier
of products, seeking solutions

that solve their technical and
procurement challenges and
support sustainability,

[ONE'STOPASHOPS

Our customers are seeking to
simplify their supplier base anc
buying efficiency, while being
assured of high-quality, authentic
products. Receiving products
and services from one provider
saves time and reduces total cost
of ownership,

CONSOLIDATION

Consolidation in the ir dustrial
distribution market continues 10
increase, doubling over the las: 10
ya°s, driven by the development
of geographic, technical, and digital
capabiltias Ths will accelerate
scale, extend reach, and lead to
improvec efficiencies.

BIEMERGENCEIOPARTIFICIAN
SINTELCIGENCET(AN eS S

Our customers ard sugpliers
are increasingly deatoyi'g Al,
from tactical automatio~ to
more advanced geera:ve and
agentic applications, As adoprior
accelerates, expectatior 3 are
rising around spee4, ins ght, and
personalisation, creatin= a clear
‘Opportunity for the Gro-p as =
digitally enabled distributor

Our strategic response

= Enhancing digital platforms to
simplify procurement for our
customers, making it easier
todo businass with us and
control spend

= Continuec irvestment in our
supply chain networks and
distribution infrastructure to
increase capacity and local
sourcing cazabilties, and
to.cutcarbcn by reducing
transport distances
Connecting our channels to
ive a searrdess experience

Our strategic response

~ Developing a digitally led
solutions offering that increases
Product pull-through

~ Differentiating through
technical solutions, leveraging
‘our expertise to create sticky
customer relationships
Targeting specific industry
verticals with services and
solutions that resonate ‘with
ur customers’ needs in
grewing sectors
‘Supporting customers to
improve safety, sustainability, and
‘operational efficiency by prov dng
solutions that meet their needs,
from energy-saving tect nologies
to more sustainable PPE

Our strategic response
= Maintaining our unique broad
ctffering of readily available
frroducts for industrial customers
Deepening our core industrie!
product category of A&C
and Electrification
Accelerating our new product
introduction (NPI) capabilities.
to develop further an expanded
product range and elevate the
specialist product ranges of our
‘acquired businesses
Driving progress on sustainable
products and ESG standards
with suppliers

ur stracegic response
= Mainta ning a stecng
balance sheet ro support
targeted consolidation
opportunities
D sciplined focus on MBA thet
accelerates our strategy, expands
product service or geographic
apabilties, or realises scale
‘economics leveraging physical
digital, and process infrastructure
Strengthening our corporate
development and integration
resources to support a pipeline
of potential acquisitions
and intecration

1. Consolidation stztement supported by McKinsey MEA Annwal Report 2025, wh ch zlso specifies a 5% increase in deal volume in industrials and electronics in 2024

Dur strategic resons2

~ Monitoring customers findi-g us
via Al, optimising this new chanirel
inthe sales funnel, and adastirg
as the technology and customner
behaviour evolves
Leveraging Al produc from
ur strategic partners :0 be 2
product expert spanneg th
web, customer services, and
technical support
Harmonising and automating
processes across internal
‘operations, including sales
order processing and
inventory managemen:
Investing in upskiling our peog!
ensuring clear gover
responsible Al controls that are
secure, ethical, ard compliant

8 RS Group ple Annual Resort and Accounts 2026

Our strategy

A FOCUSED STRATEGY
FOR LONG-TERM GROWTH

Our vision is to be first choice for our people,
customers, suppliers, communities, and shareholders.
This vision is supported by a clear strategy and an
aligned action plan designed to create long-term,
sustainable value for all our stakeholders.

Customers

(Our strategy focuses on driving ecceleraced growth, Target high potential ifetie

{and improvement across key areas, underpinned Value customers wih a
ear industri MRO value
ropostion and appropiate

bya purpose-led culture, firmly enbedded values,
2 well-defined opereting model, and exceptioral people

Operational
excellence
Leverage efcent
iyi Stal ang

ots evrourvtre

sostanably

Operational excellence

We are improving our

operational excellence to drive a

efficiencies in our technology

and digital processes and

physical infrastructure, Experience
Enrich ata ores italy

+Read more on page 13 ‘enabled, seams

customer experience

Experience
We deliver a consistent,
frictionless journey that
enables custcmers to quickly
find, buy, and manage what
they need wits confidence.

+Read more on page 12

Customers
We target cust ners who vale
our ease, range, ard expertise
when sourcing low-:olum2,
high-mix industrial products.

+ Read more on page 11

Products
and suppliers
Focus on AC Elect
2nd asad tec
Gtegoriesvitina broad
MRO prosoct fer

Services
and solutions

Scale solutions that pull
through product and rie
eustorer loyal

People
Our robust tools and insights
will enable us to attrect, develep,
engage, erd retain the talent

we need to meet our long-term
strategic goals,

+ Read more on page 10

Products and supaliers

We wail mainzain our broad
product range, with a strong
focus on A&C end Bectrifcaticn,
We will also increas? and <
anda broader offer ag

tailo“ed to speaf c austom=r
needs, leveraging our unicue
regional strengcrs,

+Read more on sage 11

Services and solutions
We make our customers’ Ives
easier across the design and
maintain lifecycle wich d-ves
strorger relationshigs, recurring
revenus, and greate" custome”
lifetime value,

+Read more on pace 12

+ Read more about our ES¢ action plan or page 42

ISTRATEGICIREBORTS GOVERNANCE REPORT | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Chief Executive Officer's (CEO) review

STRATEGIC AND OPERATIONAL
PROGRESS POWERING
LONG-TERM VALUE

IG (a

J

By building on strong foundations
and maintaining operational efficiency
across our business, we are creating
the stability and momentum needed
to deliver long-term value for our
shareholders and stakeholders.”

OTHER INFORMATION

RS Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2026

We made further strategic and
operational progress over the year.
Group like-for-like revenue was broadly
flat despite more challenging than
anticipated markets, particularly in

the first half.

However, Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI)
data showed improvement throughout the
year and moved into expansion territory

in the fourth quarter. This was reflected in
improved sales mome tum, particularly in Q4.
Whilst volumes were marginally below our
expectations, good price discipline resulted

in improved gross margin for the full year,

with our growth accelerators of RS PRO and
services and solutions delivering growth ahead
of the rest of the Grou. We also saw improved
execution which, with continued cost discipline
‘and cash focus, led to operatirg profit and cash
conversion marginally shead cf expectations
despite softer revenue than planned,

Investment in our strategic initiatives will
accelerate growth, improve eff ciency and drive
stronger operating leverage over time. We are
already seeing improvements in key operational
‘metrics, together with gross margin progression
inthe second half and continued traction in our
digital procurement services, demonstrating that
‘our growth accelerators are delivering, We also
achieved a further £17 milion of restructuring
{and integration benefits in 2025/26, taking the
Cumulative total since April 2023 to £55 milion.

With a stronger platform, improving momentum,
and enhanced operating leverage, we are well
positioned to capture growth, drive further
‘market share gains, and deliver sustainable,
long-term value as our end-markets continue to
recover. Whilst at this stage we remain cautious
‘on the outlook and mindful of developments in
the Middle East, our progress strengthens our
Confidence in both our strategy and our ability to
deliver on our medium-term fir ancial targets

2025/26 Resilient financial
performance

We delivered a resilient financial performance for
the full year 2025/26. Group sike-for-lke revenue
was broadly fiat (down 1% or a reported basis)
compared with the same period last year After
difficult H1, EMEA saw an improving revenue
trend through the remainder of the year and
moved back into growth in Q4. Americas was
also dowr on a like-for-like basis, with a resilient
performance in US & Canada offset by ongoing
economic and political uncertainty leading to
major project delays in Mexico. Asia Pacific
delivered good revenue growth throughout

the year

With continued investment in our front-end
systems and a commercial focus to grow
Potential high-value customers, we saw rolling
12 months average order value increase by 546
10 £276 and a 646 like-for-like revenue growth in
larger corporate customers. Our services and
solutions growth accelerators also performed
well, rowing 6% with our eProcurement
solution growing 99 like-for-like. Our own
brand RS PRO products outperformed with 59%
ike-for-like growth. At a product category level,
he more resilient product categories of Facilties
& Maintenance and Mechanical & Fluid Power
continue to outperform. Americas, excluding
Latin America, delivered further A&C and
Electrification revenue growth. Semis & Passives
returned to growth in Americes and Asia Pacific.

Group gross margin increased 0.6 percentag2
Points to 43.496, or 0.4 percentage points on

a like-for-like basis. The improvement was

driven by active pricing optimisation and
stronger growth in higher-margin product
categories. Adjusted operating costs were up
2%, with restructuring savings and focused cost
management helping to offset the impact of cost
inflation and continued strategic investment.

10 Rs Group plc Annual Report end Accounts 2026

Chief Executive Officer's (CEO) review continued

GG

Operational excellence is really about
making things work better every day
- whether that's simplifying a orocess,
using data more effectively, or helping
our teams work smarter. When we get
that right, it makes a real difference
for our customers and for how we
grow as a business.”

‘Adjusted operating profit of £265 million was 396
lower than the same period last year, cr 4% lower
(on a like-for-like basis, with ma"gins broadly
stable at 9.2%,

Continued goad working capital manayement,
resulted in adjusted operating <ash flow
corwersion of 109%, wellin excess of our
‘minimum 80% target. Net deb fell by £35 milion
cover the year to £329 milion, and our balance
sheet remains strong, with net debt to adjusted
EBITDA reducing to 1.0x

Strategic and operational
investment delivering

We continue to progress with cur mult-year
strategic growth and operational improvement
plan to strengthen our differenciated
Proposition, accelerate growth, improve
efficiency, and drive better operating leverage
over time. These organic invest nents ere driving
improvement in our key underliing operational
mettics, improving resilience, and supporting
delivery in our gronth accelerators

Acquisitions
We continue to enhance our organic growth
strategy with disciplined and value creative
acquisitions. In March 2026 we acquired BPX
Group, a UK and Ireland based specialist
distributor of industrial automa:ion and control
products, for an enterprise value (cash-ree debt
free) of £27 milion anc a deferred earr-out of
Lup to £3 milion, payable subject to ach evement
of agreed EBITDA performance targets

‘The consideration. represents an acquisition
‘multiple of around 10x reported EBIT on a
12-month basis to 31 October 2025. BPX Group,
founded more than 59 years ago, specialises in
supporting industrial customers with technical
‘A&C solutions in UK and Ireland,

The acquisition complements our strengths

in ABC and enhances our technical capabilites
and high-service focus. It also expands our
relationship with key suppliers and under

RS ownership we see the opportunity for

BPX to accelerate revenue growth through
offering enhanced products and capabilities
to complementary customers,

¥) People

Create an inclusive and engaging
environment where everyone is proud and
excited to come to work and can perform at
their best, develop, and thrive.

ur people are central to delivering the
strategic and change ambitions cutiined at our
2024 Investor Event. To support execution, we
have further strengthened our executive and
leadership capably with the apcointment of
Jonathan Bennett as President, Americas, and
Lee Pruitt as Chief Customer Experience Officer
Both bring deep industry expertise and proven
leadership experience to drive growth and
enhance our custcmer proposition

We are also investing in developing our people
and addressing the changing skill and capability
needed to deliver our strategy in a rapidly
‘evolving world, Our Leadership Advantage
development programme launched in 2025/26
in partnership witr.a world-renowned business
school s the first of its type at RS, aimed at
enhancing the capabilities of 90 senior leaders
and potential leaders across the alobe.

+ OUR STRATEGY IN ACTION
| PON

IME

nb OU

ce

Leadership intro

fe Education, the pr

We have also commenced our future skills,
planning process, ‘skils@RS'¢o acquire or
develop erhanced capability across the Group
in areas such as data and daa analytics, Al
development, adoption and use, and st pport
‘accelerated individual develepment.

pact in their

Linked to cur
ESG goals

We have continued to focus on maintaining and &

improving engagement at all levels by listening
to our employees and then following up on
actions. Our recent employee engagement
survey showed a 3 point year-on-year increase
with an engagement score of 75 points.

‘As already communicated at the half-year,

we have also recognised the contribution of
‘our employees below senior leadership level
through the introduction of en all-employee
share scheme with the aim of driving further
engagement and shared ownership.