19/07/2023
COMPANIES HOUSE

March 2023

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS|2023

For the year ended
rsgroup.com

We provide the product and service solutions
that help our customers design, build, maintain,
repair and operate industrial equipment and
operations, safely and sustainably.

Inthis report
Strategicreport Governance report 2

Perornace igs 1 Govan eee 5
On purpre lov onastaepy 2 Garsece &
Gurbessbagunce 2 Ou boedeOvcors %
Guarsinoaacn 4 Soratersupandgowroncetomevor Bs
Ouse & Goodacoescteye? a
Gurmarrpace 10 Sordewaton %
omens 12 Rormran commie report wo
Buses mode 1 huatconmste ep wo
Chefrecue Ofcers(CEOlnroduton 14 rere nernersancepart wt
Dusnesrenon 15 Drecortepat 3
Curpeese 18 Sumer Orecorsrespoebites 126
Strategy inaction 20 Financial statements

urgent 3% Inept ep i
Keppra 2% Copacoms ia
fons 3 Comparyacouns 7
Risks, viability and going concern ag Fueyear recor
EmenekscaantgurerancS<) 4 Other iformation

Navtnuncalrd susan Shaler ormaon 8
eatonseree 23 Gosoyotwsre 6

(We have included a glossary of terms atthe end of this document tohhelp explain our acronyms

Navigating this interactive document

Returnio Returntopreviousty ae > bea
contents, viewed page < back > forward

For information about your shareholding visit:
Fsgroup.com/investors/shareholder-information

Performance highlights

FINANCIAL

STRATEGIC REPORT

+ Read more on page 32,

(GOVERNANCE REPORT

NOKHAINANGIAL

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,

OTHER INFORMATION ratic}

+ Read more on page 48

Revenue 2982 Like-forlke' revenue 28
2584 growth
£2,982m 10% a
Profitbefore tax 372 Adjusted’ profit 381
m2 before tax 4
Change: 23% Like fork’ change: +17
Er aa_Baa
‘Adjusted’ operating Return on capital 7 208
profit margin employed’
13.5% 30.8%
Change: +10 pts change: +21 pts
Earnings per share 604 Adjusted’ earnings 036
49 pershare 313
60.4p 63.6p
change:s24% Like fore? change 16%
am a am 2
Dividend per share ran 202 Aestea'freecash ow 264
20.9 £264m 5
Op m
Change: 65 Change: 162%
am mas er

1, See Note 3 on pages 15110 154fordesinions andrecorchatons

RS Group ple

‘Advancing 0, 0, ESG RATINGS AND
naan lo lo Segue
. uctoninscpe!  ofGroup eects
B, —— Sastminscve otra
since 2019/20 sources, es)
2021122:50% 2021722864 ey
‘Medal rating: Platinum
cance 1,3 28k
education and m
caucatonara Y Wevp
ov members, students lives improved imine
9 SER reas cwaenonowares
e adsorp" ee201920
wets Qsronssrnes
ciate s0:6-onpoes
imorarg Neososscemnee
ea %
Gy empies Nourse MSCI
Doing business 0, (1) FTSE4Good
Oeing basin ly sean 18
€H——stapiernigns sappy ee
os have set science-based have an EcoVadis
targets (SBTs) membership Dow's
taiacanestased — Waneese Bow Sone ndices

2021722: 19%

202022: 40%

‘Annwal Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 2023.1

Our purpose, vision and strategy

DOING BUSINESS
THE RS WAY

‘STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT ‘FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION ATEN < | > |

OUR PURPOSE

Making amazing happen for a better world

(ur purpose reflects our focus on delivering results
for people, planet and profit. Our 2030 ESG action plan - For a
Better World, delivers long-term value for all our stakeholders.

+ Read more on pages 48-80

OUR VISION

First choice for all our stakeholders

We strive to be the best place to work for our people, the
go-to partner for customers and suppliers, contributing to the
communities around us and delivering long-term, sustainable
value for our shareholders,

+ Read more on pages 6-9

OUR AMBITION

Journey to Greatness

We believe that we can deliver stronger revenue and
value-creating growth, To do this, we need to improve our
‘competitive strengths by benchmarking our business against
the highest global standards

+ Read moreon page 20

RS Group ple

QUR STRATEGY IS BASED ON FOUR KEY ACTIONS TO DELIVER OUR VISION

Q
w
Increase scale Improve
in global industrial digitalisation and
and maintenance, customer experience
repair and operations
(MRO) markets

+ Readmore Reinvestment + Read more
‘on pages 26 - 27 To acelerate page 2

} My
peaions

a | expand

operational product and

excellence with service solutions
great people

+ Read more + Readmore
on page 25, on pages 23-24

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 20232

STRATEGIC REPORT

‘SOVERNANCE REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

OTHER INFORMATION

‘Our business at a glance
ATRUSTED PARTNER Revenue FIVE KEY REASONS TO INVEST
We are a provider of leer aff
raging our differentiated business model 0) 0)

product and service £2982m eocmayccamenmncannresay 2000 63%
becoming a one-stop shop fr our customerswith Our 8034 Group revenu revenue throu

solutions for designers, 4 industrial and MRO product and sevice solutions ole seitteae gtk

builders and maintainers + Read more on page13 ‘service solutions

of industrial equipment Region sot som Pegi

and operations. “Americas 2% Gaining share in a large and fragmented market 10,

eau Oe Maret afew tetpnersnurge snd >£470bn <1%

fragmented market hat consolidating at pace Gstrbuior total share of TAM
+ Read more on page 10 addressable market

‘Our global reach om)

31 ere Supporting a more sustainable and AA A

Say inclusive world
counties with 4 ° (ur 2030 66 action plan -For a Better Worlds akey wsctraing oP rating
RS operations sf partof our purpose and strategy, and deves high ESC

1.1m

customers

>8,700

employees

22,500

suppliers

countries wih RS operations

ratings and standards.

+ Read more on pages 48 to 78

‘Accelerating organic growth with acquisitions
Inorganic opportunities ae strengthening ou" prpostion
accelerating our growth and creatngvalue

2 £238m

acqustons toialepectes
+ Read more on pages 26 and 27 comple «onsgeraion
Driving strong revenue, cash conversion 0) 0)
andettacve ers 30.8% 92.0%
‘We ae growing scale andtargetingalowercostioserve, _returnon adjusted operating
witha strong focus on cash and etn Captalemployed cash iow conversion

+ Read more on pages 321039

Revenue split by products and service solutions

a
‘Automation and control 29%
‘Mechanical and Rus power 3%

ecroics 2.
Maintenance 20%
Safety an protection *

€@ SSingle-board computing (S80) %

© otner *

+ Read more on pages 32039

RS Group ple

Revenue spit by range of industries

{© criginal equipment manufacturing 22%
(© Commercial and facial services 6
(@ electronics manufacturing 12%

rocess manutactuing “%

bli sector *
@ Transport and defence oO
(© Uiles and energy *
@ omer 26%

QUR COMMITMENT TO A
MORE SUSTAINABLE WORLD

For a Better World is our 2030 ESG
action plan to reinforce our
commitment to making amazing
happen for a better world.

+ Read more on pages 48 t0 78

‘with four global goals and 15
supporting actions. we are supporting
alt our stakeholders as they become

more sustanabe
opal goats:

TS romney pming
VO, sestainaay —*e?, curpeope
G, cuoenst, 69 open

‘Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March2023

Chair's introduction

STRATEGIC REPORT

GOVERNANCE REPORT "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

ANTEX)

Rona Fairhead
Chair

OL

Our success is underpinned by
our purpose-led strategy which
continues to resonate with
customers and suppliers alike.

Looking back at 2022/23, the performance of RS
has been strong despite the politcal and economic
uncertainty and global inflationary pressures.
following the COVIO-19 pandemic. We have
performed well, not only financially, butin all
‘aspects of making amazing happen for a better
‘world. Our people continue to be our greatest
‘asset and I sincerely thank each and every one of,
them for their relentless hard work, expertise,
commitment and energy. They are the very core

of our success.

Culture and purpose

Culture isa critical driver which energises and
‘motivates our people. We believe culture is
fundamental to the success of any leading
organisation and ours is increasingly purpose
driven. This culture is reflected in the value-added
services to our customers, our support for our
suppliers, the collaboration and compassion

orver wroraron ais (<>)

shown to colleagues and the work that our people
doto serve our broader communities. tis
embedded in our organisation and its impact is
highlighted throughout this year's Annual Report
and Accounts. Our Board is confident about the
value it brings and has experienced it first hand
during Board visits to our distribution centres (DCs)
and offices across the globe. On my recent visit to
‘our newly acquired business in Mexico, Risouly Cia,
S.A. de CV. (Risou, it was fantastic (see how their
Culture is closely aligned to RS's, allowing the two
teams to work wel together and integrate quickly
‘and naturally. More details on the Board's visits in
the year are provided on page 88 of the
Governance Report.

‘Our Group's purpose of making amazing happen
for a better world brings €5G to life, driving value
forall our stakeholders. ESG is embedded into the
business and included as part of our employee
incentive scheme, ensuring how we perform is.
linked and measured against our 2030 ESG action
plan -For a Better World. Our positive ESG
performance continues to be recognised
externally, with improved ratings awarded by MSCI,
as well as our entry to the Dow Jones Sustainability
Indices (O)SI) Europe. Pages 48 to 78 provide full
details on the progress made against our four
global goals of the ESG action plan. Further, we
have undertaken an ESG double materiality
assessment (see page 9) which involved engaging
with representatives from each of our stakeholders
for their views on key ESG issues material to our
bbusiness, ensuring our strategy and decisions
Continue to be relevant and forward looking, This
has helped us to align ever more closely with the
work we are doing under Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFO).

Strategy
(ur success is underpinned by our purpose-ted
strategy which continues to resonate with
customers and suppliers alike We are creating
further value through improving our customers
experience by leveraging our data insight and
‘executional capabilities, enhancing our service
solutions offer and broadening our product range.
Thisis driven by our strong team of dedicated,
skilled and passionate people

‘Annual Report and Accounts for he year ended 31 March2023 4

Chair's introduction continued

(Our vision is to become first choice for al our
stakeholders. The Boardis excited about the
experience that Simon brings in enabling
‘businesses to focus on strategic actions, grow
‘organically and inorganically and leverage a strong
asset base to create value. Please see Simon's
early thoughts on what differentiates RS and the
‘opportunities we have, set out in his introduction
on page 14

Our stakeholders

(Our stakeholders lie at the heart ofall our
considerations. As a Board and Company, we
engage with all our stakeholders on a meaningful
basis to understand better their needs and
requirements. More importantly, it ensures our
decisions bring long-term sustainable value, thus
helping us achieve our vision of becoming first
choice forall our stakeholders, Set out on

ages 6 to 9, we have detailed our stakeholder
‘engagement and outcomes for the Group over
the last year.

(Ona Board level, 2022/23 has been ayear of
very active engagement including employee
engagement sessions in Beauvais, France, Fort
Worth, US, and Corby, UK; meeting key suppliers
‘on our Board visit tothe DC in Fort Worth, US;
‘and engaging with our institutional shareholders
‘on remuneration and governance matters.

More details on our Board engagement with our
‘stakeholders during the year is set out on pages
191 t0 95. And, of course, we are keenly aware of
the importance of our owners, our shareholders.
In addition to driving forward our value through
‘executing our strategy, the Board recognises the
importance of our dividend and we are pleased
to continue with our progressive dividend pclicy
‘The increase in the dividend reflects the Board's
confidence in the future prospects of the Group
‘and its strong balance sheet.

Board changes

In December 2022, Lindsley Ruth stepped down
as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) after serving over
sseven years with the Company. The Board and
woul lke to extend our gratitude to Lindsley,
who led the turnaround of an underperforming

RS Group ple

STRATEGIC REPORT

business and, working with a wider team, created
a strong vision and purpose as part of the Group
strategy. On behalf of the Board and everyone

‘at RS Group, I wish Lindsley every future success.

‘The Boardis delighted to welcome Simon Pryce
to the role of CEO, which he began in Apri 2023,
‘Simon has been a Non-Executive Director for

RS Group for sixyears and has been highly
engaged in the development of the Group's
strategy. Simon brings with him a wealth of CEO
experience inhigh-performing, purpose-led,
international businesses and a strong track record
of driving results and generating value through
‘organic and inorganic growth strategies. More
details on Simon's appointment process are set
‘out on page 101 of the Governance report.
‘though Simon has been CEO for avery brief
period, we are impressed by the speed at which

he has understood the challenges while identifying
the clear growth opportunites

We would aso lke to acknowledge David Egan,
iho stepped down from the Board on 3 May 2023,
for the instrumental role he played as Chief
Financial Officer (CFO) and, more recent, a5
‘Acting CEO. Since joining RS in 2016, David has
done a fantastic job driving the transformation
ofthe Company and ts performance. On behalf
of the Board, Ithankhim for his years of service
and wish him the very best forthe future

Jane Titchener, VP Corporate Development, has
taken over the CFO role in the interim untl a
permanent replacement CFO is appointed.

We are confident that, under the leadership of
Simon, supported by jane and our global leaders,
RS willbe able to execute and accelerate our
strategy and seize hold ofthe significant.
‘opportunities we continue to see.

RS has an excellent Board, whom I would like to
thank for their insights, wisdom and good counsel
‘over the year. We continue to review our Board
‘membership to ensure we have a diverse range

of relevant expertise and experience. In une 2022,
we welcomed Navneet Kapoor as a Non-Executive
Director to the Board. Navneet brings with him

‘a wealth of international experience as well as

‘GOVERNANCE REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

transformation in digital fields and changes from
product-driven to service-driven businesses. His
input has been invaluable,

Looking forward

Despite the more difficult external
macroenvironment.itisimportant that we
remain focused on executing our strategy
brillantly. This cannot be achieved without

the high-performance, purpose-led culture we
have as an organisation which we will continue
tonurture and develop further for the futur.
We are positive about the opportunities we see
ahead of us and have the levers to pullifneeded
to navigate us through the uncertainties and
continue to drive outperformance. | am confident
that we have the right leadership and people in
place to generate significant value and took
forward to another year of progress.

‘OTHER INFORMATION

a

Culture is a critical
driver which energises
and motivates

our people.”

MAKING AMAZING HAPPEN FOR ALL OUR STAKEHOLDERS:

GG

3

‘MAKING AMAZING
HAPPEN FOR A
BETTER WORLD

@ Forourpeople
 Partsed purposed cute pages 181920421)
~ improve empioyee engagement page)

@ rorourcustomers
 Lancadonta mons peoazinge EG hatrabmctabs
Perberearentinhe nen
-~ Supported customers with sustainability solutions (page 16)
= Enhanced Scope 3 emissions reporting (page 55)

© roroursuppiers

(Our 2030 ESG action plan
encompasses all of our
stakeholders and ensures
that we are delivering for
each of them sustainably
and responsibly.

= Held ES events to share best practice and collaborate (page $7)
- Launched ESG supper handbook (page 57)
Raising SG standards across the supply chain (page 71)

© For ourcommunities

Created a pipeline of talent forindustry through Grass Rots, DesignSpark
_and Oo see page 58)

Improved ves through TWMP (page 61)

© For ourshareholders

= Benefced from ESG double materiaty(page9)
~ Sustinabily-lnked loan facliy refinanced and extendedto fve years

(age35 and 36)

~ Quantitative modeling of imate-elated opportunities andrisks (page 721074)

‘Anal Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 2023,

‘STRATEGIC REPORT
‘Our stakeholders:

UNDERSTANDING Uke NEEDS
OF ALL OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Itisimportant for us to engage with all our stakeholders to understand
what matters to them, ensure we are responsive to their needs and add
value. The views of our stakeholders are fundamental to us becoming
first choice and driving a long-term sustainable business. While most of
our stakeholder engagement takes place on an operational level, our
Board also considers our stakeholders actively and the long-term impact
our decision making has on them when setting and approving strategic
decisions (see pages 91 to 95). We have also conducted an ESG double
materiality assessment (see page 9).

+ Read our Section 172tatement on page 81

Why they matter ‘The value we bring

‘We nurture tlentand ae buling a
high-performance purpose leeutire
thatexces andempowers ou people

(ur people are fundamentalto the success
cof aur business and we continue to nest
inour ability engage, etain and develop
theesttaent

[eis crudaltounderstandour customers
needs inorder tocreate value sole
problems and unlock opportunites,

We provide productandservce
solutions and responsive customer
service enabling our customersto achieve
ther goat sustainably

\Weworkin partnership with our suppliers We provide global markatreach and

tadelver anunrwvaled product choice and customer insghtto expand revenue

Innovative slutonsfor our customers. anddevelopnew products whde raising
‘supply chain standards.

‘We support engineers and foster
sustainable innovation toinspre a more
Indusve, diverse and sustainable word

‘Across our communities wordwide, we
‘ateimplementing educationa|iniiatves
Toimprove ies andingpire the next
generation of engineers.

communis

‘We generatelong term sustainable
reeurnswitha strong ESG approach,

(ur shareholders include institutional
investors andingivduas who provide
the capital for our business to grow.

©

RS Group ple

[GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,

@ OUR PEOPLE

‘OTHER INFORMATION

LUntedo our £56 goat

Es Empowering
*s% curpeople

What matters to our people
= High-performance, purposeledcuture
= Dwerstyandincusion

= Wellbeing and mentalheath

“Training andeareer development

~ Financial planing and education

Howwe engage

~ Encourage employee-ed networks and communities

~ Regular employee engagement surveys

 Dwversy andincusion raining
Non Executive Directo intaties andinteractions
Tralring programmes for allemployees
Health and wellbeing resources

= Accesso financial wellbeing tock and regular
pension seminars

What we have achieved

= Upnardtrend n employee engagement score 78,

= 267 people in our apprenticeshi3 programmes

= Placedin the 2022 Top 0 Inspiring Workplacesin
"North America by Inspiring Wor places

~ Adtonal upit payments to support cost of ving crisis

~ Asa Paci centre of expertise (COE) won the Outstanding
Employerin 2023 Top Human Resource Managernenc Aarts

ARISKATWY
INNOVATION OPERATIONS DIRECTOR.

GG

lam grateful that RS has empowered me to develop
my career. RS has supported me in my higher
education while also providing training programmes,
‘secondments and mentoring opportunites. The
impact of these opportunities has been profound:
Ihave acquired new skils, broadened my horizons.
‘and played a bigger part in our Group's success asa
‘result. started in the Nuneaton DC and I have been
able to progress tothe Innovation team. Itisamazing
‘that there are so many stores ike mine inthe
‘organisation, which makes me proud to work for RS"

Becoming first choice

Retain

Engage

= Designspark ist

= High-performance, purpose led
culture

~ Grass Roots education programme |
supporting future engineers
and innovators

 DesignSparkengineering and

ture Inclusive environment
Supporting communities

ing to employees
Health, safety and wellbei

~ Transparent, accountable and
incuswe envionment

~ Employee networks thatcreate
‘greater anorenessofthe
‘communities in whichwe operate

~ Globallistening strategy through

= RSVAYL Award sharing our success

We are empowering our people with the skils and knowledge that drive our outperformance.

~ Dynamic and cigtaearring
pathways or allemployees.
aMy Academy
Future Shapers talent prograrnme
 Amating Leaders peer-to-peer
learning developing behaviours

innavation cornmurity engagement puse surveys and capably fr futuresuccess
= Diverseand extensive physical, | ~ Mentalheakh training andTarget | ~ Targetedleadership programmes
financalandccupavional benefits | Zero accidents programme ‘osuppor femsle and ethnical

versetalent

‘Annwal Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March2023. 6

Kaul

|
|
|
|
|

if

Our stakeholders continued

STRATEGIC REPORT

Unies to our £56 goats

@CUSTOMERS >

championing education
Sninpovaton

‘Advanci

Doing business
pa sustainability

Ss
% reporsby 9B,

‘GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

© SUPPLIERS

OTHER INFORMATION

rae <|

Unked 00" £56 gost
Ge sess

soning GR, doeghuines

responsibly

What matters to our customers

= Innovative and sustainable solutions to solve
problems and unlock opportunities

~ Aseamiess omni-channel approach so customers
‘an concentrate on what they do best

= Apartnertobuld amore sustainable and socaly
responsiblefuure

~ Anunrvaled choice of products and services and
vaiabily

How we engage

= Dedicatedcustomer service

= Ormichannel communication

Trade airs, frums and presence at customer sites

= Voie ofthe Customer survey

= Customer performance reviews

Whatwe have achieved

= Strengthened customer relationships

= Responsive and flexible propostion

~ Launched RS Think Hub website to help our engineering
customers find the products they need more easly

~ Launched Beter Word products and ESG solutions
function tohelp our customers make sustainable choices

= Won Distributor of te ear at the 2022 Excellence Awards

egBle BOWRING
PRESIDENT, RS INTEGRATED SUPPLY

GG

Sharing and collaborating with our customers are
fundamental to our success as a go-to partner. At
RS Integrated Supply, we host regular forums with
‘our key customers to dive deeper into the issues
‘our customers face today Atour forum in une 2022,
we exchanged our learnings and best practice from
‘0ur 2030 ESG action plan and global goals with our
customers. The outcome of the forum resuitedina
deeper understanding of our customers’ needs and
‘also a roadmap to how we can support our customers
better and become first choice”

‘What matters to our suppliers
= Data-driven product management
~ Knowledge ofcustomer needs andtrends.
~ Easeof doing business
Offering fll produc ranges, services and
solutions tour customers
Pasive ervronmenta and socilimpact
‘and operating to high ethical standards
How we engage
~ Dedicated account managers
Regional and global supplier events
~ Supple scorecards with defined targets
= Vokce of Supplier survey every’woyears
= RS Connect - partnering wah supplersto connect
witheustomers
~ Seamless new productintroduction
What we have achieved
= Stronger partnerships with our supelers
Developing a programme to source store and detver
products closer tothe customer
increasein stockedofler by 7%
~ Ntendance at electronica conference in Munich, Germany
Supplier conference haste in Frankfurt, Germany

ry

ANOREA BARRETT
‘VICE PRESIDENT OF SOCIAL
‘RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY

46

Through our EMEA Supplier Event hostedin February
2023, we engaged with over 400 key suppliers to
‘emphasise the importance of prioritising ESG and
sustainability actionin their direct business and value
‘chain. This included asks to develop more sustainable
product and service solutions, rive carbon reduction
‘and set SBTs. By focusing on these areas, our
‘suppliers wilincrease their ESG impact, strengthen
their business and generate significant customer
value. We also introduced a new ESG supplier
handbook to help our suppliers embed strong

SG principles and drive positive action:

Becoming first choice

‘We are delvering a technology: enabled experience with ahuman touch.

OUR
OMNI-CHANNEL
OFFER

RS Group ple

Becoming first choice

>2,500

| suppliers

| >750k

| socked products

We are supporting our suppliers to promote thei high-quality range of products

Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 20237

Our stakeholders continued

STRATEGIC REPORT

Linke to ou 56 gots:

CCOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

OTHER INFORHATION

Unies to our €56 goals:

@ COMMUNITIES foes “g Sametenoomm | @ SHAREHOLDERS % cose Gen, ete
‘What matters to our communities. What matters to our shareholders

See a See ne ry

mascara pseestioces

How we engage WIS TINAGO JERRY ABRAHAM.

= Competitions to encourage innovation ‘EDUCATION COMMUNITY ENGINEER How we engage PRESIDENT, RS PRO & PRICING:

= Delvering SuperSlas Employability Training

~ Our exclusive Global Youth Advisory Board (The FABIS)
(Organising and supporting community evens and awards

= Supporting academicinstutions to denver high-quality
engineering and technology education

Whatwe have achieved
‘New colaboration wth SmartSTEMs to create 1500
smallwadturbines

~ Won Educational Support Award at the Elka Awards 2022
30 Ohyawashing machines but by volunteers or
‘TWNP delveredto a primary schoolin Uganda

~ 1SORS PRO student kits delveredto fstyear electronics
engineering students atthe University of Sheela

= 89 women and girs from Gitcode, South africa
participatedin online SuperSkits sessions hosted
DbyRSinSouth Arica

46

| The FABIS is an exclusive opportunity offered by
Grass Roots annually to 15 students and young
professionals to gain experience ona global advisory
board of aFTSE 100 UK company. As a member:

| FABIS cohortin 2021, Icon say firsthand thatitis a
real collaboration between young people and RS
Group. While RS are able to support the FABIS as
future innovators and engineers with their content
and learning ski, they are aso helping RS, by finding
sustainable solutions to some ofthe organisational
challenges we face”

~ Annual General Meetings

+= Investor roadshows, detaled investor evens,
‘meetings and conferences

~ Stockexchange announcements press
‘leases and results briefings

~ Ongoing calogue with analysts and investors

What we have achieved

= Progressive Bvidend policy

~ Held 241 meetings with iwestors

= improved £56 ratings awarded by MSC

= Qualified asa constituent ofthe DIS Europe

= Wion the insetuteof Chartered Accountantsin England
_and Wales ICAEW) Corporate Development Anard 2023,

GG

Engagement at RS is atwo-way process. AS
a business, we engage proactively wth our
shareholders throughout the year. It's important
that their understanding ofthe business fs enhanced
by not only meeting executive management but
having access tothe breadth and depth of senior
leaders ike myself During my meetings with our
shareholders, I provided deeper insight into our
bbusinessin areas such as our own brand, RS PRO,
‘and price optimisation tools in turn provides

‘me with invaluable insight to our shareholders’
needs and expectations.”

Becoming first choice
‘We are supporting our communities through eight key initiatives

SBoepetrce
cae

Sparky
mepegemetne
irre
ied

So conen

RS Group ple

oe
Serena
Secor

Roe
“=
io}

Becoming first choice

feraneatensey const

[ I

aes

umber ofimestor meetings

On

°.
“May —
mn OR

i
2

ng Sep
wR

Nov Ose
2 &

‘Anrwal Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 2023,

litt

‘We maitain open and regular dialogue with our investors to help thei understanding ofthe business

LF?

Se ene

177

Investor rms met

18

‘members of senior
‘management met

with investors

Be

2

Feo
B

3

Our stakeholders continued

Q tase action

OBVAIING
STANEROLDER
INPUT AND INSIGHT

STRATEGIC REPORT

To-ensure our 2020 €SG action plan remains
focused on the most material ESG issues facing
‘ur business and stakeholders, in 2022/23 we
Completed our rst ESG double materiality
‘exercise to gan afulland current picture of
‘our ESG impacts risks and opportunites

We evaluated 18 topics categorised under each
‘of our four alabal ESG goals and measured the
Impact that RS can have on the external world
(Gusiness impact) andthe financial riskand
‘opportunities that the external world can have
‘on RS financial impact)

To obtain thelist of key ESG material areas, we
‘engaged with over 100 stakeholders across our
‘people, customers, suppliers, communities and
‘shareholders to help us prioritise key topics.

(GOVERNANCE REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

‘The exercise was overseen by the ESG Committee
and included input from leadership teams across
the Grovp.

‘Tomeasure business impact, we ranked the
Group'simpact outwards on society and the
environment, using the scale of Low-'to’High +:
For financial impact, each ESG issue was rated asa
Fiskand opportunity with arating from either
“Low High + impact on adjusted operating
profit over ive years

From an environmental perspective, the analysis
shows that offering product and service solutions
that promote a circular economy as well as
sustainable packaging one of our most material
SG areas. This isan area where we can make a big,
difference by engaging with our suppliersto offer

‘OTHER INFORMATION a

ey <> |

‘more sustainable products to customers and by
increasing the recycled content and recyclabilty of
‘our packaging (see page $4) From a social
perspective, Our people and creating a purpose:
fed culture have the most material ESG impact. The
work we are dong across the business to deliver
‘ur purpose-ied culture, improve employee
‘engagement and champion diversity and inclusion
(see pages 62 067) areal examples of how we are
delivering agaist this material ESG area,

‘Overtime, we will evolve our E5G double
materiality approach and algn this wth the work
Wwe are ding under TCFD to provide further
‘granularity and amore sophisticated modeling
method for our financial risks and opportunities,

QUR ESG DOUBLE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

@opporuniy

@ Advancing sustainbity

@crampioningeavcaton Community engagemens
ee Partnerships & coaboraons

{@ empomering ourpeople es

@ doing business aueationandtatentppeine development
responsibly

RS Group ple

Heabh safety and wetbeing
Diversiy.incsion and equal opportunities

(ur peopl and creating apurposeedeuture

Digitisation and innovation

yer secu information ss

Soveenanc, ec andcompance

Response supply chan

Emerging regulation and carbon ping

Sintanabelopsics

Sustainable and cular products ad services and packaging
Resource scacoty and promoting acu econoery

‘mate change and ecg carbon emissions

Customer engagement andexperience

Mackat shits 8 changes incustemer demands competitor acy

Financial Impact (outside-in)

Business Impact (inside-out)

High +

_———__—_—_—_,

Medium High High +

‘Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March2023. 9

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our marketplace

WELL POSTMONED
FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

THE MARKETS WE OPERATE IN

\We estimate our DTAM of the global MRO and safety and protection markets >£470 bilion reflecting
the broad range of product offering, The market typically grows at gross domestic product (GDP)

Our DTAM opportunity Our revenue split by product

and service solutions

yea

<I%

© Automation and contro 206
(© Mechanical and uid power m
econ 2K
Maintenance 26%
Safety and protection *
Single board computing %
© Other %

‘Source: Tras A&M Unversity and RS Goup markt research

RS Group ple

(GOVERNANCE REPORT "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, (OTHER INFORMATION

ale

We operate in a large and fragmented industrial market with RS being only
one of a few global distributors of MRO products and service solutions. Despite
its size, much of the market is still local and many of our competitors are
independent businesses and regional firms specialising in a narrow product
offering and limited service solutions with less developed digital capabilities.

Abroad and deep product offering

We have the product range, superior availabilty and responsive service capabilties that enable uso offer
industrial and MRO products globally. Our electronics range concentrates mainly onthe sub-categories
associated with industrial requirements

Industral products Automation and control

“Hud power
Mechanical

“Sefety and protection
Electronics products __Sericonductorsand passives

rectromechenicaland interconnect

elel-le
a\ele;
ajele,
ejele

‘Single board computing
Wr eiprocucter Porrange

Solutions to unlock new opportunities

We have solutions that span our customers’ asset lifecycle as they manage their design, procurement,
inventory and MRO needs.

Design | Procurement | Inventory
ge
Nreere 24 °.
©. Specity e Maint,
er
reoncatsnnen | -sseroorenen —_ |eassensoae | carmen
“renee, | Seer gee | Siete —
oe eee |S agenen | Syeare
ein = siren

‘Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 202310