iw)

a

GN
PRIORINISER
EXECUTE.

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Welcome to our Annual Report

Inthis report
Strategicreport Governance report

Performance highlights 1 Chairsletter
RS Group at aglance 2 OurBoard of Directors
Value creation 3. Governance ataglance
Chairs introduction 4 Boardleadership and governance
Ourstakeholders 6 framework
‘Our marketplace 8 Board.actvities during the year
Chief Executive Officer's (CEO) Board evaluation
introcuction 10 Governance code compliance
Business model and strategy 13 Nomination Committee report
Strategy in action 14 Audit Committee report
‘Our growth ambitions 17 Directors! Remuneration report
Ourvalues 18 Directors’ report
Key performance indicators 20 Statement of Directors’

nancial review 24 responsibilities
Regional review 23 Financial statements

Risks, viability and goingconcern. 32
Environmental, socal

and governance ESG) 40
Regu atory statements 7

Group accounts
Company accounts
Five year record

Other information

‘Shareholder information

Glossaryofterms

‘Weave included a glossary of terms at the end
of this document to help explain our acronyms

Independent Auditors report

Navigating this interactive document

eens [pkey Fe] Peoe 1D]

contents viewed page back

For information about your shareholding vst
rsgroup.com/investors/shareholder-information

Page
forward

Front cover: The Technica Solutions Centre a our regional

STRATEGIC REPORT ‘GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. ‘OTHER FORMATION

Performance highlights

FINANCIAL + reodmoreonpogexs  ESG GLOBAL GOALS + Readmore on pages 401069

£2942 (8)% ss ™ EI% 90%
3

ba
7 ReductioninScope 1 of Group electricity ge
change: ci Changef8) pts I, and 2emissions since is fromrenewable S&P Global
doig/20excudng sources :
econ aceustere oops gage ean
mnssr
Profit before tax Adjusted! profit before tax
‘Championing
£249m £281m scam 196k 31k
innovation
change 3% Ute forthe change 30% m Youngengineersand _vesimproved since
(3 Studentsfeached 2018/20 through
Fr through educational cursupportof the Ned ang Pletioum
progrsmmes products Washing Macine
‘Adjusted’ operating profit margin Return on capital employed’ and Designspark Project (TWMP)

platform since 2020/21 >599/23. 26x

10.6% 11.4% — Rene
Change: (2:9) pts ‘Change: (13.4) pts. ourpeople 75 Sao Climate leadership score: A-

*
roe ‘employee of our senior leaders
ba! gogementscore arewomen and
Eamingsper share ‘ajested earrings per share a frasgenertsere arewomenandiim_@@)sustamauries
mana
szzz3 women GebaltopSOESG companies
change ers Le forte cate: 24m Songbiness 0 0
sent” AB% 52%
re
¢ cfempoyeeswth of supplersby spend aozt tng AA
ieprian Raedercantow CF see oes :
meticinamual ——raingtodrne SG ||
p m bonus incentive performance e
.
mn s0% manson
change chonge
ng 1g FTSE4Good
2 remeron n273 an 2822
pSgetawstmsceboncurmecemerasenowicer dunes descoe 0233.65
2 SBingeemmertomecea ohare tenseones
1. Sete npg dando amen neatesn

RS Group ple ‘Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 20241

RS Group ata glance

fe IMR

STRATEGIC REPORT

CCOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, ‘OTHER INFORMATION

ATRUSTED PARTNER

Weare a digitally enabled global distributor of product and service solutions, providing small
volumes of our suppliers’ products to satisfy our industrial customers’ maintenance, repair and

RG GROUP operations (MRO) demands.
35 1m c. 9,000 >2,500
OUR PURPOSE £2. A2
Makit ing he for a better rid 2 Gg
laking amazing happen for a better wo 7 m
Cur purpose refs oufocuon delnering resus or people eo ee

planet and profit. Our 2030 ESG action plan - For a Better World
= delivers long-term value forall our stakeholders.

+ Read more on pages 40-69

OUR VISION

First choice for all our stakeholders

We strive tobe the best place to work for our people, the
{go-to partner for customers and suppliers, contributing to the
communities around us and delivering long-term, sustainable
value for our shareholders.

+ Read more on pages 6-7

Like fortike change: (8
2022/23: £2,982m

‘Americas Asia Pacific

£1,795m £934m £214m

chonge:s8 chmoe: 4 change: 2098

Cheleritetnange cH Cheteiketrange saw tne SeRange sp
von ow + Readmoreonpage29 + Readmoreonpage30 + Readmore onpage31
Siten

OUR VALUES

How we work

‘Our values support us to deliver our strategy by guiding daily
decisions. They are how we work across our arganisation in

a consistent way. The values unite us in how we should behave
and help us build a culture we are proud of.

+ Read more on pages 18-19

RS Group ple

Revenue split by products and service solutions Revenue splitby range of industries

Ce 1 }
© Automaton and control(A8O 42% © Original equipment manufacturing 18%
(© Mechanical ane tid power ‘5% © Commerical and taiclsenvices 1%
Etecroncs 18% @ Eiecrones manufocwuing 1%
Mamtenance 28% @ Process manufacturing 1%
© airy and protection 4% @ Pubicsecor “
© singlt-board computing 1% © Transport and defence ™%
© omer 4% © Unites and energy 5
© other 2%

+ Read more on pages 24 t0 31

1. See Note3on pages 13510138 for deintionsandreconcaions

‘Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 20242

*\  staatecic report

Value creation

CREATING VALUE FOR
ALL OUR STAKEMOLDERS

‘THROUGH-CYCLE VALUE
CREATION TARGETS

Well positioned in growth markets
Global leader in a large, industrial MRO market, growing at GDP+
through cycle

Differentiated proposition driving market share gain

Digitally enabled, high service distributor of a broad range of technical
product and service solutions for industrial customers that demand
low volumes of critical products across many categories

REvENUEGRONTT
WIGEMARKET
(aa)

Significant operating leverage

1= Creating, utilising and optimising more efficient and flexible physical, 4 MID-TEEN
digital and process infrastructure ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN

Attractive financial characteristics
r10c/o P209/5

Strong cash generation supporting ongoing investment and high returns
Disciplined acquisitions accelerating consolidation cote re sateen cing)

Rigorous investment discipline and clear capital allocation policy driving |

accelerated value creation

oOo Ff © DN

on invested capital
30% abjusTED OPERATING PROFIT
CONVERSION |

introduction)

Rona Fairhéag)

RS Group ple

STRATEGIC REFORT

‘GOVERNANCE REPORT [FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

ra

‘challenging year but we
remain confident about the
opportunities ahead.

Last year was a challenging one for RS and the
industry in general, The industrial market is cyclical
but by prioritising and pursuing the tremendous
‘opportunities that lie ahead, we are confident in
delivering through-cycle growth and significantly
improved financial performance over the medium
term. The people of RS are fundamental to our
success and, again ths year, they have been
outstanding in terms of their dedication,
professionalism and enthusiasm. My sincere
‘thanks go out to each and every one of them,

Strategy

Our strategy remains the same but we have
refined it during the year to provide greater focus,
‘more alignment, better prioritisation and improved
execution, We remain focused on organic growth,
supplemented by value-accretive mergers and
‘acquisitions (MBA.

‘The Board is fully supportive of the work that the
Executive Committee (ExCo) team has undertaken
to clarify the strategic actions and KPIs required
tohelp us achieve our strategic goals and create
sustainable value,

With our leadership in digital and our vast range
of product and service solutions, we are well
positioned to capitalise on the significant market
‘opportunity. For more on our market opportunity
and strategy please see pages 8 and 13,

Following its acquisition in January 2023, Risoul has
outperformed our expectations. In Latin America,
‘we see tremendous opportunities ahead as our
team in Americas increases its collaboration

with Risoul

We were aso pleased to welcome the Distrelec
team into RS Group following completion of its
acquisition in une 2023, Distrelec is a strong ft
with RS in EMEA. Its rapid integration in terms

of combined sales, marketing and product
management, wil accelerate our business across

cover nroRwaion aes

the region. Our MBA pipeline is strong and we will
continue to exercise strategic and financial discipline.

Our culture and values

‘The Board is clear that culture is fundamental to
the success of our business. We have continued to
admire and value the special culture that exists
across our global operations.

‘Towards the end of the year, RS created a new set
of values to unite the business behind how we
should behave and work. Launched at our

2024 Leadership Event, the values help guide our
decision making to deliver great outcomes,
improve our corporate governance and reinforce
‘our amazing culture - a culture of which we can
allbe proud

‘The Board believes that these values outline
‘what the business needs to do to be successful
We are one team

=We deliver brilliantly

=We do the right thing

=We make every day better

‘strong Environmental, Social and Governance
{€SG) approach is embedded in our culture
‘and strategy and we remain focused on our
commitment to raise €SG standards across our
business and wider value chain. AtRS, we are
clear that strong ESG performance is @ key part
of our success and provides opportunities for
business growth. To read about our progress
against our 2030 ESG action plan goals please
see pages 40061.

During the year, the Group has been included
inthe S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2024,
Positioned in the top 15% of companies in its
industry, reflecting leadership and progress in
sustainability. In addition, RS Group was awarded
a platinum medal by EcoVadis for the second
consecutive year, placing our business in the top
196 of the 100,000+ companies assessed,

The Board has seen real benefits from harnessing
the full potential of diverse talents, perspectives
‘and experiences to drive innovation, sound
decision making and sustainable success. We were
pleased to be recognised by the FTSE 100 Women

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 20284

Chair's introduction continued

Leaders Review where RS was ranked fourth due
‘to having more than 50% of women on our Board.

+ See pages 18 and 19 for more on our values
‘and culture

Our stakeholders

Our visionis to become first choice for all our
stakeholders: our people, customers, supplies,
communities, and shareholders. The Board and
Company seek to engage actively with them all
to understand their needs. We have outlined on
pages 6 and 7 our stakeholder engagement and
‘outcomes for the Group during 2023/24.

We fully understand our obligations to our owners.
- our shareholders. n addition to other Board
members, have spent alot of time engaging

with shareholders and we truly value that
dialogue. In this regard, as well as building

a strong, sustainable company for our owners,
we also recognise the importance of our dividend
tothem, and the Boardis pleased to continue with
‘our progressive dividend policy. More details on
‘our Board engagement with our stakeholders can
bbe found on pages 80 to 83.

‘Our Board

[tthe end of his fist year at 8 Group as Chief
Executive Officer (CEO), the Boardis delighted
with how Simon Pryce has directed the business.
He has recognised the challenges, refined the
strétegy and is positioning the business for
‘improved execution and the growth opportunities
‘ahead. We are confident that the greater carty
‘and focus will resonate strongly wth our
stakeholders and drive further value.

‘We were also thriled to welcome Kate Ringrose
as our Chief Financial Officer (CFO). She joined

RS Group from Centrica, aFTSE 100 company,
‘where she spent 18 years, culminating in the role
Of CFO. Kate has a strong track record of driving
exceptional business transformation, operational
excellence and strategic growth, and brings a
wealth of experience that has already been of
significant benefit tothe Group.

RS Group ple

‘STRATEGIC REPORT

We are confident that, under Simon's leadership,
‘supported by Kate and our global leaders, RS will
be able to accelerate the execution of our strategy
‘and capitalise on the opportunities ahead.

Before I conclude, | would like to turn to the Board.
‘Our Board review has confirmed that we have

a diverse range of relevant experience and
expertise, even as we continue to shape our Board
for the future. I would like to thank each member
‘of the Board for their excellent counsel, insights
‘and wisdom throughout the year. Once again,
they have been tremendous.

Looking ahead

‘Aswe continue to navigate the challenging
external environment, itis critical that we remain
focused on executing our strategy with zeal and
passion. We are excited and positive about the
‘opportunites that ie ahead and feel confident
that, with the right leadership and people in place,
‘we will generate notable value and strong growth
inthe medium term.

Culture is a critical driver
which energises and
Motivates our people.”

‘GOVERNANCE REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, ‘OTHER INFORMATION

‘Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 2024

5

Our stakeholders

UNDERSTANDING
THE NEEDS OF ALL

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Itis important for us to engage with all our stakeholders to understand what matters
to them, ensuring we are responsive to their needs and adding value. The views of our
stakeholders are fundamental to us becoming first choice and driving a long-term
sustainable business. We have therefore defined KPIs for each of our stakeholders
and will set targets to determine our progress in becoming first choice.

‘GOVERNANCE REPORT ANANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Why they matter

The value we bring

How we will measure first choice

‘Gur people are fundamentaltothe success
cof our business and we contnvetoinvestin
ur ablityo recruit retain and develop the
Desttalert.

‘reatng an incusve nd engaging
environment where everyone's proud and
‘ected to cometo workas themselves and
‘anperform attherbest, develop and hve.

= MyVvoice engagement score

iis crudalto understand our customers
eedsin order to creat value salve problems
and unlock opportunites.

‘Being a trusted problem solver, delivering
‘excelence through a connected experience
anda suite of valed product and service
Solutions forindustrial MRO customers.

= Net promoter score

‘We workin partnership with our suppliers
to detver anunrvalled product choice and
innovative sostions or our customers.

Being technically ed service-oriented
supplier partner of choice, bringing an
Lunrnalled productrange and innovative
solutions industrial MRO customers.

= Number ofstocked products

{eross our communties wordwide, we
areimplementing educational natives
improvelvesandinspie the next generation
ofengineers

“Supporting our cormmunites to improve
people's ives. inspiring future generations,
while creating a more sustainable word

 Reductonin carbon emissions

ur sharehaidersincude institutional
investors andincviduals who provide the
captalfor our businessto grow.

“reating superior economic value through
<delvering reliably for our stakeholders,
‘generating consistent and sustainable cash
‘returns on irvested capital welin excess of
(our costofcaptal

~ Earrings per share

RS Group ple

COTHERINFORMATION

a BI

@ OUR PEOPLE

What matters to our people
~ High-performance, purpose-led culture

= Diversity and inclusion

Wellbeing and mental health

= Training and career development

= Personal financial planning and education

How we engage
Encourage employee-led networks
‘and communities

Regular employee engagement surveys

= Diversity and inclusion training

= Non-Executive Director initiatives and interactions
Training programmes and development
opportunities forall employees

Health and wellbeing resources

~ Access to personal nancial wellbeing toots and
regular pension seminars

‘What we have achieved

= 2024 Leadership Event in March with 193 leaders

Finalist and listed in the Top 100 inspiring Places
to Workin North America

~ Received a 95/100 on the annual Corporate
Equality Index review for LGBTQIA*
Inclusive Workplaces.

Won Outstanding Employer award in the 2024 Top
Human Resource Management Awards in China

~ Programme partner in frst ever Executive
‘Accelerator programme by Moving Ahead

~ 253 people in UK apprenticeship programme

-AGold member of the Apprentice 5% club for
three consecutive years in the UK

LUntedo our £5 gos:
iy

Bm

‘Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 20286

‘Our stakeholders continued

STRATEGIC REPORT

‘GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

OTHER INFORMATION

What matters to our customers

= Innovative and sustainable solutions to solve
problems and unlock opportunities

~Asseamless experience so customers can
focus on what they do best

~Apartner to build a more sustainable and
socially responsible future

~An unrivalled choice of products and services,
and availability

How we engage

~ Dedicated customer service

~Seamless communication

Trade fairs, forums and presence at
custome sites

Voice ofthe Customer surveys

~ Customer performance reviews

‘What we have achieved

~ Expanded Better World product range toc. 30,000,

~ Risoul transactional website launched in Mexico

~ Expanded technical solution services in Americas

~ Enhanced search capabilities on 27 websites
through using Google technology and artifical
intelligence (Al)

~ Enabled greater localisation of digital
experiences to connect better with customers

= Improved translation quality wth $46 of customers,
responding that product translations are good

= Drove a cutting-edge, data-driven ‘test and learn’
approach that significantly boosted customer
engagement and satisfaction

Ledge
Boe

RS Group plc

What matters to our suppliers

~Data-drven product management

= Knowiedge of customer needs and trends

Ease of doing business

Offering fullrange of product and service
solutions to our customers

Positive environmental and socal impact,
‘operating to high ethical standards

How we engage

Dedicated account managers

Regional and global supplier events

Supplier scorecards with defined targets

Voice of Supplier survey every two years

RS Connect - partnering with suppliers to
connect with customers

~ Seamless new product introductions

Regular engagement with suppliers on ESG
action plan

What we have achieved
= Stronger partnerships with our suppliers
= Worked with suppliers to extend Better World
product range
~ Developing a programme to source, store
and deliver products closer to the customer
Attendance at Smart Production Solutions (SPS)
conference in Munich, Germany

LUnked to our £56 goals:

we

What matters to our communities
= Providing support to our local communities

= Providing educational initiatives to young people
= Limiting environmental impact in operations

How we engage

= Competitions to encourage innovation

= Delivering SuperSkills Employability Training

~ Our exclusive Global Youth Advisory Board
(The FABIS)

= Organising and supporting community
‘events and awards

Supporting academic institutions to
deliver high-quality engineering and
technology education

Whatwe have achieved

~€.20,000 students participated in Engineers
Without Borders activity

~11942 students supported va our engineering
society partnerships

~ 141 hours of Super Skis training delivered

= 1591 young people attended RS Grass Roots
supported events

~30 teams received £1,000 worth of components
{and tools through the Formula Student
Build Fund

39 Divya washing machines bul for The Washing
Machine Project (TWMP) by 110 RS volunteers
and sent to India, Kenya and Uganda

Delivered microtit computers to 90% of primary
schools in the UK asa key partner in the BBC next
‘gen campaign

LUnkedto our £56 goal:

Oe

‘What matters to our shareholders.
Sustainable growth and superior returns

~ Understanding the business and our strategy
~ Strong corporate governance

-ESG

How we engage

~Annwal General Meeting (AGM)

= Investor roadshows, detailed investor events,
meetings and conferences

~ Stock exchange announcements press releases,
and results briefings

= Ongoing dialogue with analysts and investors

‘What we have achieved

~ Achieved revenue compound annual growth rate
of 6% over last five years excluding acquisitions

~ Science-based targets developed to achieve
net zero, validated by the Science Based Target
initiative (SBTH)

= Awarded best Annual Report: FISE 100
organisation by Corporate Reporting
‘Awards 2023

~ Awarded Best Company for Sustainability
Reporting in the industrial sector at the
Corporate ESG Awards 2023

~ Held meetings with shareholders representing
72% of our top 20 shareholders

~ Relaunched the RS Group corporate website

ied 5p
Wee

‘Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 20247

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our marketplace

WELL POSIMONED
FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

[COVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. OTHER INFORMATION

THE MARKETS WE OPERATE IN

We operate in a large and fragmented industrial market with RS being

only one of a few global distributors of industrial MRO product and service
solutions. Despite its size, much of the markets still local and many of our
competitors are independent businesses and regional firms specialising in
a narrow product offering and limited service solutions with less developed
digital capabilities.

The markets we address
@ Automation and control A&C)
‘© Mechanical and uid power
@ ciectronics

saintenance
Safety and protection
OSingle-board computing

RS Group ple

Abroad and deep product offering
We have the product range, superior avalabiliy and responsive service capabilties that enable us to offer
industrial and MRO products globaly. Our electronics range concentrates mainly on the sub-categories

associated with industrial requirements,

2

Producteategories_Aulorsionandeonwol °
Mechankaland poner °
Blectronics «0 0
Maintenance o 0 0 4
‘Safety and protection o«e «
‘Single-board computing oe?
OFutproductofter @Partrange
Solutions to unlock new opportunities
‘We have solutions that span our customers’ asset lifecycle as they manage their design, procurement,
inventory and MRO needs
Improve

service solution

DEsicn irs} PROCUREMENT MAINTENANCE INTEGRATED

‘SOLUTIONS: ‘SOLUTIONS ‘SOLUTIONS ‘SUPPLY
[Rs] Custom ORDER iwvewroRY sare [Rs] iG

‘SOLUTIONS ‘SOLUTIONS ‘SOLUTIONS ‘SOLUTIONS

‘Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 2028 @

a BR]

(Our marketplace continued

STRATEGIC REPORT

(GOVERNANCE REPORT

TRENDS THAT ARE
SHAPING OUR MARKET

[FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OTHER INFORMATION

We see five key trends that are shaping the markets we operate in. As we
execute our strategic action plan, we must continue to be agile to react to
the ever-changing market demands and future proof our business, while
remaining focused on our long-term vision.

[shrop)

Onsolidation}

increased focus)
fonsustainabiicy

‘Our B28 customers are expecting
personalised, seamless experience
‘mirroring the 82C online experience.
‘Our suppliers want a partner that
understands their technical, specialist.
products and that can bring their
‘products to market successfull.

‘Our strategicresponse
Digitally enabling a more globally
aligned and data-driven solutions
offering that builds on our core
strengths, while helping us move up
the value chain with both customers
‘and suppliers

Continue to invest in our supply chain
networks and distribution sites
infrastructure to increase capacity
‘and local sourcing capabilities

Continue to develop our digital
platforms to simplify procurement
for our customers, making it easier
to do business with us and control
their spend

seu cen ae reaeg
sae eee |
i
oorsvnteereprse

Our strategic response

‘Our customers are seeking to simplify
their supplier base, leverage spend
‘and realise greater value. Receiving
products and services from one
provider saves time and generates
cost efficiencies

Maintaining our unique broad
offering of readily available products
for industrial customers.

~ Deepening our core industrial

product category of A&C and related
product categories to enable
industrial electrification

Continuing to develop our new
product introduction capabilities to
develop further a curated, expanded
product range and elevate the
specialist product ranges of our
acquired businesses

RS Group ple

The industria distribution market
{is consolidating at pace increasing
‘two-fold over the last ten years, driven
by globalisation and digitaisation
This will accelerate scale and lead to
improved efficiencies.

Ourstrategicresponse

= Ensuring we maintain a strong
balance sheet to provide the support
to drive consolidation

| =Car and ciscipined criteria set to

| focus on potential acquisitions which

| will provide operational excellence,

| solution capabilty expansion, new or

| adjacent product range extensions

and geographic opportunities

~Strengthening our corporate

| development and integratio

| tosupporta pipetne of potential
acquisitions and integration

~ Acquisition ofa bol-on business
in Australian Apri 2024 to
strengthen our geographic presence

| cscneststoeconea pont frat

| Sornatacisesondtercoshgy we

| Ratesnen rest fons once

| Sioaox proces estou and

| service solutions, responsible supply

| Snprctce ond eave calere

|

| oursvatege response

Sobalgoasis one 2050

Tere te bee Vokes
cain bued tomers ceo
‘ra sbost aos precaer
roving sur cstmrste phase
Sthaintbe oe response
madi tyamnto

‘Anal Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 2024

aa

——

ee
oniefExecutve Ot ficens(GEO) Introduction}

STRATEGIC REPORT
=

on
LOIN

ORERATIONAL
FROGRESS

Ss

we

Pino aN
Qe

RS Group ple

GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,

RS remains a leading, global MRO
distributor with real competitive
advantage given our technical
specialism, broad product range
and digitally enabled offer.

2023/24 was a challenging year. Markets were
difficult with weak global industrial demand,
change from peak to trough electronics cycle
and geopolitical tension impacting confidence
just as supply constraints began to ease.

In addition, a deeper analysis of our performance
in 2021/22 and 2022/23 identified that RS was

‘a major beneficiary of unusual post-pandemic
trading talwinds, particularly in electronics.
Atatime of pent-up demand and supply chain
challenges, our strong inventory investment,
supplier relationships and long tall product
offering allowed us to provide industry-leading
product availabilty. Asa result, we saw significant
revenue growth, in part as core customers
increased their order quantities to address
concerns over market availablity and in part
through sales of scarce parts to resellers and
‘one-off transitory customers. This was at atime
when supplier and therefore product price
inflation, particularly on long-tail products,
resulted in short-term gross margin improvement.
We are making material improvements to our
performance management systems to improve
transparency and identify such trading dynamics
better in the future

We estimate that the 2022/23 benefit of these
tailwinds was c.£95 milion revenue and

£60 milion of operating profit higher than
previously reported ast now includes uplift

from gross margin benefit as well as revenue)
Towards the end of 2022/23 and throughout
2023/24 these talivinds began to dissipate, with
average order values returning to previous levels
and supply chains normalising, This resulted in
less demand from resellers and transient
customers, general destocking and the
Unwinding of inflation-related benefits.

‘OTHER FORMATION

aa

This more difficult trading environment highlighted
the importance of more focus and alignment,
better prioritisation and execution, greater agility
and more operational rigour across the RS Group.
Thanks to the exceptional efforts of our passionate
‘and committed people, we made good progress
inaddressing these issues whilst reducing our
cost base and we are particularly pleased with

the strategic acceleration our recent acquisitions
are delivering

‘Asa result, and despite a challenging
‘macroeconomic environment, 2023/24 was also
year of significant strategic and operational
progress for RS.

Our 2023/24 financial performance
During 2023/24 our revenue reflected the change
inthe electronics cycle and unwind of associated
post-pandemic trading taiinds as well as
softness in industrial production. Our level of
Corganic investment and our operating cost

‘base had grown over the last two years to meet
inflated post-pandemic demand and had limited
immediate flexibility to reduce significantly as this.
demand reduced. This had a significant impact
‘on the Group's operating profit margin in 2023/24,
We partially addressed this by taking cost
reduction actions in the functions and regions,
‘accelerating the integration of Distrelec and
reducing discretionary spend, This also included
the write down of underperforming software and
inventory investments,

‘Our business in EMEA delivered a robust
performance. We delivered a 5% decline in
Tike-forlike revenue, due to the overall market
‘weakness, specifically in the electronics category
‘and within those markets where we sella
higher-than-average proportion of on-board
electronics such as Germany, together with the
Unwind of c. £35 milion of revenue from post:
pandemic trading talwinds, The growth accelerators
Of digital, service solutions and RS PRO (our main
‘wn brand) outperformed the region. Like-for-like
operating profit declined 99, When excluding
restructuring, write-offs and integration costs

of the acquisition of Distrelec, it declined 39%
benefiting from in year cost action. EMEA remains

‘Annual Report and Accounts forthe year ended 31 March 202810