MAKE MORE >
POSSIBLE — if.

WE ARE A GLOBAL
MULTI-CHANNEL
PROVIDER OF
INDUSTRIAL
AND ELECTRONIC

“We are here The imagen the front cover
to inspire transport aston RS Components
and support of Edinburgh's team, HYPED in
innovative Compettionts rvoiionize
engineering so terrestrial transportation.
we can make
more possible.”

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Further information can be found at

electrocomponents.com

FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS

Revenue

£1,884.4m

Growth 10.5%
2018: £1,705.3m

Profit before tax

£195.2m

Growth 15.8%
2018: £168.6m

Earnings per share

33.4p

Growth (1.5)%
2018: 33.9p

Dividend per share

14.8p

Growth 11.7%
2018: 13.25p

STRATEGIC
REPORT

conporare
GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL
‘STATEMENTS

‘SHAREHOLDER
INFORMATION

Like-for-like' revenue growth

8.3%

2018: 12.8%

Adjusted? profit before tax

£214.5m

Like-for-like' growth 20.8%
2018: £173.1m

Adjusted? earnings per share

37.0p

Like-for-like' growth 26.8%
2018: 28.4p

Adjusted? free cash flow

£84.5m

Growth (19.6)%
2018: £105.1m

1. Like-forclike change excludes the impoct of acquisitions and the effects of changes in exchange rates on translation of overseas operating
results, with 2018 converted ot 2019 overage exchange rates. Revenue is olso adjusted to eliminate the impact of trading days year on year.

2. Adjusted excludes amortisation of intongible assets arising on acquisition of businesses, substontial reorganisation costs, asset write-downs,
‘one-off pension credits or costs, significant tax rate changes and associated income tax (see Note 3 on pages 115 to 118 for reconciliations).

CONTENTS

Strategic report 1 Corporate governance 54
Group at a glance 2 Our Board of Directors 56
Our investment proposition 3 Our Senior Management Team 58
Chair's introduction % Corporate governance report 60
Our marketplace 6 Audit Committee report 68
Business model 8 Nomination Committee report 75
Chief Executive Officer’s review 10 Directors’ remuneration report 79
Our strategic priorities 18 Directors’ report 97
Key performance indicators 2% Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 100
Business review 26
Financial review 32 Financial statements 101
Non-financial information statement 37 Independent Auditors’ report 101
Risks, viability and going concern 38 Group accounts 107
Corporate responsibility 46 Company accounts 146
Five year record 153
Shareholder information 154
Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2019 Electrocomponents ple 1

GROUP AT A GLANCE

A GLOBAL
PROVIDER

We are a global multi-channel provider of
industrial and electronic products and solutions.
We work together with our customers across the
product life cycle to create solutions that make
it easy for our customers to do business, saving
them time and money.

Through our international scale and reach...

EMEA
Revenue: £1,210.0m

rope,
© 4% Emerging markeis

Americas
Revenue: £483.6m

Asia Pacific
Revenue: £190.8m

We operate responsibly
through a broad range
of industries...

Manufacturing

ec. 52%

of revenue

+ Process manufacturing

+ Electronics

+ Original equipment manufacturers
(QEMs) and general manufacturing

Services

c. 38%

of revenue

+ Public sector
+ Business and other services
+ Retail, logistics and wholesale

Infrastructure

c. 10%

of revenue

+ Utilities, transport and
communications
+ Mining and construction

Our leading brands...

RS Components (RS) is the leading
multi-channel industrial and electronics
provider across Europe and Asia Pacific,
as well as providing electronics in

the Americas.

Allied Electronics & Automation (Allied)
isa leading multi-channel industrial
provider in the Americas with a focus
‘on automation and control.

Our own-brand...

RS PRO is our own-brand range of more
than 58,000 high-quality, competitively
priced products.

Our SBC and IoT brand...

Okdo is our global technology business,
focused on meeting the rapidly evolving
needs of single-board computing

(S8C) and Internet of Things (loT)
segments worldwide.

Our value-added
solution brands...

DESIGNSPARK

DesignSpark is our online design
community and resource centre for
makers, students and design engineers.

IESA provides outsourced procurement,
inventory and stores management

services, in addition to transactional
processing solutions.

N

Monition is an expert in the design,
development and application of reliability
and condition-monitoring systems.

2 Electrocomponents pie

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2019

OUR INVESTMENT PROPOSITION

FOUR KEY
REASONS
TO INVEST

Uniquely positioned
in attractive market

c. £400bn

market opportunity

Driving market
share gains

2x

market growth rate

Building a lean and
scalable model

adjusted operating profit margin target

adjusted operating cash flow conversion

We are committed to building a lean and scalable
business, which is well positioned to grow. in;
excess of the market and drive best-in-class
margins and strong free cash flow.

+ Global player In large fragmented marketplace

- Market valued at c. £400 billion

~ Market growing at GDP +

~ Top 50 players account for c. 30% of the global market
+ Uniquely positioned to take market share

— One of few global players

— Leader in digital

— Providing one-stop shop for customers

We aim to grow at two times the market. driving share gains
by:

Growing customer count

- Become first choice; grow promoter base

— Drive more traffic to websites

~ Increase online conversion by improving experience

Selling more to existing customers

~ First choice customers spend 25% more

~ Scale range and add new product verticals

- Roll out value-added solutions proposition

— Sell the full offer; improve sales effectiveness

We have made good progress to date

~ Stabilised and improved gross margin

= Adjusted operating profit margin increase of 5.0
percentage points since 2015

In the future we aim to drive scalability and lower our

cost to serve by:

— Simplifying our technology estate

~ Increasing the use of automation in supply chain

= Rolling out global shared services and automation

Long-term aspiration to achieve a mid-teen adjusted

operating profit margin

High cash conversion
Reinvest cash to build scale and drive faster growth
Progressive dividend policy

Accelerate strategy via disciplined value-accretive
acquisitions to:

= Drive market share gains

= Add new product verticals

~ Accelerate value-added solutions offer

Electrocomponents ple)

180dI¥ D1IDILVALS

CHAIR’S INTRODUCTION

LAYING THE
FOUNDATIONS
FOR FUTURE
GROWTH

Since Lindsley Ruth wos appointed Chief Executive Officer
(CEO) in April 2015, our Company's leadership, customer and
supplier experience, employee engagement and financial
performance have all been transformed.

This has been another year of progress, with continued strong
growth in revenue and profit, and further steps forward in
customer and supplier satisfaction. We continue to progress
on our journey from a product-led distributor to a digital
provider of engineering solutions and products. This year

we extended our portfolio of value-added solutions with

the acquisitions of IESA and Monition. We see the potential to.
continue growing our market share and enhancing operating
profit margin and will continue to take the decisions, including
investing in our infrastructure, to ensure we do so.

Trading performance

The year ended 31 March 2019 was another year of good
progress. We saw strong growth in revenue and operating
profit. Earnings per share (EPS) fell 1.5% as prior year EPS
benefited from a non-cash deferred tax credit, which did not
recur in 2019. However, adjusted EPS growth was 30.3%. We
achieved a further improvement of 1.3 percentage points in our
adjusted operating profit margin to 11.7% and are continuing to
drive towards our long-term aspiration of a mid-teen adjusted
operating profit margin. Our balance sheet remains strong,
with net debt of £122.4 million and net debt to adjusted

EBITDA of 0.5x.

Setting ourselves up to drive sustained growth

We operate in a large and fragmented market, which is
growing at or above GDP. Over the last two years, our

focus on customer and supplier experience has enabled us to
grow our business at around twice the rate of the underlying
market. We believe we have further opportunities to grow our
market share and continue to improve operating profit margin.
We are therefore focused on making the right decisions to
ensure our business is scalable and has the capabilities to
sustain this growth.

In the past year, we have begun a two-year project to invest in
our supply chain to support range expansion in the Americas.

& Electrocomponents ple

We will continue to invest in our supply chain to ensure our key
distribution centres (DC) around the world have the capacity
to support future growth and are more automated, efficient
and better able to meet changing customer needs. In 2020,
we will start a c. £60 million two-year project to significantly
expand and automate our German DC. We will also invest
further in our technology infrastructure, including new product
and content technology, to ensure we can continue to scale
our product range and offer our customers an outstanding
online experience and the one-stop shop they require. We

will continue to improve our ability to process and use data
securely and effectively so that we can offer our customers
the highly personalised data and innovative products and
solutions they need to successfully run their businesses.

Board

The Board ensures that strong and appropriate standards
of governance underlie all decisions. It sets the Company's
strategy and oversees its delivery, and provides guidance
and support to management. We try to ensure that the
Board has relevant experience so it is well placed to
provide this guidance. It is also important that the Board
is continuously refreshed with new blood and new ideas.

After six and a half years on the Board, John Pattullo has
decided to step down as Non-Executive Director and Senior
Independent Director (SID). John has been an outstanding
Board member; his wealth of experience has been instrumental
in bringing about the changes required to create a modern
and efficient supply chain. Furthermore, I'm immensely
appreciative of the support John has provided the Board

over the years in a number of areas: helping in the recruitment
of Lindsley; introducing new approaches to remuneration as
Chair of the Remuneration Committee; and more recently in
his work as SID. We will miss him, but | am delighted that he
will be succeeded as SID by David Sleath, who is currently
chief executive officer of SEGRO ple and was previously

the SID at Bunzl plc. David will bring a wealth of experience
and a wise and calm head to the role. Amongst his other
responsibilities he will, in due course, lead the process

for finding my own successor. | know he will be a great
addition to’ the Board.

Annual Report ond Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2019

“2019 has been a year
of significant progress,
with good growth in
revenue and profit and an
improvement in customer
and supplier satisfaction.”

PETER JOHNSON
CHAIR

I was also delighted to welcome Bessie Lee to our Board.

As a previous chief exacutive officer of WPP in China and
the current chief executive officer of a major incubator of
Chinese businesses developing marketing solutions, Bessie
brings extensive experience both of China and of developing
customer behaviours. In our quest to increase diversity,

lam also pleased to welcome her as a Chinese citizen and

the third woman on our Board.

Employees

It is our own people who continue to play a key role in
differentiating our service from that of the competition and,
as such, enable us to continue to deliver improved results for
our customers, suppliers and shareholders. We are committed
to building a diverse and inclusive culture and offering our
people the opportunities they require so that they can reach
their maximum potential. On behalf of the Board, | would

like to welcome the new members of our team from IESA and
Monition and once again thank all our employees for their

hard work, continued commitment and boundless enthusiasm.

The triple bottom line (people, profit, planet)

The contribution we make to our community and society at
large is becoming increasingly important to our reputation
with customers and suppliers as well as current and future
employees. Our reputation is of great value to us and so

we are committed to embedding what is now known as the
triple bottom line, which includes social and environmental
measures alongside our financial ones. This helps us evaluate
performance in a broader perspective, creating greater
long-term business value and sustainability. Addressing the
engineering skills gap by encouraging the take up of science,
technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) subjects
in schools, creating a diverse and inclusive culture for our
people and limiting our impact on the environment; these

are all issues we care strongly about. We increasingly
measure the contribution and impact upon our people, local
communities and the environment we operate in and this year
we are reporting corporate responsibility key performance
indicators to assess our performance going forward.

Annuol Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2019

Earnings Adjusted Dividend (p)
por sharo (p) earings
per share (p)
33.9 334

37.0
204

210

i 123 13.25 |

207 2018 2019 207 2018 2019

: ll

2017 2018 20109

For definitions ond reconcliotions of all oternotive performance mesures,
refer to Note 3.on poges 115 to 8.

Dividend

The Board understands the importance of the dividend to
shareholders and proposes to increase the final dividend

to 9.5p per share. This will be paid on 25 July 2019 to
shareholders on the register as at 14 June 2019. As a result,
the total proposed 2019 full-year dividend will be 14.8p per
share, an increase of 11.7% over the 2018 full-year dividend,
resulting in adjusted earnings dividend cover of 2.5 times. The
increase in the dividend reflects the Board’s confidence in the
future prospects of the Group and its strong balance sheet.
The Board intends to pursue a progressive dividend policy,
whilst remaining committed to a healthy dividend cover over
time by driving improved results and stronger cash flow.

Looking ahead
As we look ahead to the year ending 31 March 2020,

many aspects of the external environment remain uncertain,
including the US-China trade talks and negotiations

around Britain’s exit from the EU. We do not know how

these negotiations will play out but our market opportunity
remains large and our momentum strong. We know what our
customers and suppliers need and we are in a good position
to continue to outperform our market in such uncertain times.

During the first seven weeks of 2020 we have seen a
moderation in like-for-like revenue growth. April saw low
single-digit like-for-like growth trends impacted by the timing
of holidays. However, May has started encouragingly with
like-for-like growth closer to the trends seen during Q4 2019.
EMEA continues to see good growth and market share gains,
which is more than offsetting softness in the Americas. Asia
Pacific continues to see similar trends to Q4 2019. We remain
focused on executing our strategy and driving continued
share gains while tightly managing costs. Overalll, we believe
we are well positioned to make good progress in the current
financial year.

Peter Johnson
Chair
* 20 May 2019

Electrocomponents ple 5

Asoaau D1DaLvaIS |

OUR MARKETPLACE

WELL POSITIONED INA
LARGE AND FRAGMENTED

MARKETPLACE

Our proposition

We are on a journey to create and offer innovative products and solutions to our customers across the product life cycle, from
design through to procurement, and from inventory management to full maintenance solutions. Our aim is to help our customers
manage their indirect spend more effectively and make their lives easier with our product knowledge and technical expertise

using data and digital excellence.

Key
@ Where we ploy

OUR CUSTOMER TYPES
[DESIGN ENGINEERS)
[BUYERS]

DESIGN

ELECTRONICS

e range of products a
ents

PRODUCTION ENGINEERS,
[BUYERS]

MAINTENANCE ENGINEERS)
IBUYERS)

MAINTAIN / END OF LIFE

INDUSTRIAL

| Design solutions) Sree ad [procurementand inventory solutions

Single board computing and Internetof)
Things (lot) solutions}

Our market today

Our market today is large, fragmented, local in nature and
digitally immature. It is served by only a few international
distributors and numerous regional and local players, who
largely operate offline. Our broad product spread and digital
leadership mean we are well positioned to be a disruptor in this
market. We will scale our customer count online and continue
to expand the range of solutions and products we offer,

in order that we both add new customers and sell more

The market today
Large, fragmented, local
in nature and digitally

B [Maintenance solutions

to existing customers. Currently we estimate the global market
is valued at c. £400 billion and is growing at or above GDP.

We believe we have significant scope to take market share

in all regions around the world in which we operate. Even in our
most established market, the UK, our market share is less than
5% and we continue to increase our customer count and grow
our average order size. Our aim is to continue to grow our
business at two times the rate of the market.

The future market
Large, more consolidated
and multi-channel

{

_ immature. ———_—» (majority of revenue online).
WELL POSITIONED BECOME FIRST CHOICE

TO TAKE SHARE IN THIS MARKET

i

6 Electrocomponents ple Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 Morch 2019

Key market trends and our response

Our market and our customers continue to evolve and we need to ensure we continue to be ahead of the curve and anticipate
what our customers and suppliers need in order to become their first choice.

Market consolidation

Our market is large and fragmented with
many local and regional providers, as well
as single product category players. We
continue to see increased consolidation
among traditional offline distributors and
also the emergence of new customers and
competitors such as online marketplaces.

c. 30%

of the global market
Is represented by the
top 50 players

Our response
Our knowledgeable salesforce and significant product, sector

ond technical expertise, combined with data, solutions and
best-in-class online experience, ensure we can offer a truly
differentiated proposition to our customers. Hence, we are growing
our share organically by both selling more to existing customers.

via range expansion and new value-added solutions, as well as
increasing our customer count through increased brand awareness
and digital penetration. White our key focus remains on organic
growth, we will clso grow by adding value-accretive acquisitions
where they fit with our strategy and culture.

Digital transition —

Online penetration in our market remains
low. However, customers today Have come to

95%

of UK purchases will expect more, they want convenience at their
be eCommerce fingertips and expect a business-to-consumer
facilitated by 2040 (B2C) type online experience in a

(Source: Nasdaq) 4

business-to-business (B28) world. A strong
digital offering is becoming increasingly
important. Our key competitors tend to be
local or single product category players who
| lack the critical mass and expertise to deliver

a best-in-class digital experience.

Our response

We are a leading player in digital across our market, with 62% of
revenue generated online, growing at 8.9% like-for-like. Over 90%

of our sales origination starts online. We spend around 4% of revenue
per annum on digital talent, marketing and online / mobile experience
teams. This ensures we continue to drive more traffic to our websites
and improve our online experience so we can convert a higher
proportion of this troffic into revenue. Our digital capabilities, broad
product range and innovative solutions are key differentiators which

will allow us to become a disruptor in our market.

Customers see!

|g a one-stop shop

Customers are seeking to streamline

their operations. They want to simplify
procurement, consolidate spend, manage
their supply chain more efficiently and
have access to solutions that help optimise
maintenance and production. Customers
are looking for breadth and depth in a
product range so they can reduce cost

2:1

ratio of procurement
cost vs product cost
(Source: Manchester
Business Schoo!)

Our response
We offer breadth and depth in our product range, covering
categories from automation and control through to tools and
consumables as well as electromechanical and board-level
electronics. Through our globol online presence, we are the perfect
partner to enable customers to consolidate spend. We are continuing
to expand our range based on what our customers need and to offer
solutions which help make their lives easier in areas across design,

' and consolidate their supplier bases. procurement, inventory management and maintenance.

The rise of digital technology (Industry 4.0)

The rise of digital technology is changing

the way businesses operate, particularly

in manufacturing. It is making it possible to
connect and analyse data across numerous
machines, creating more efficient and
productive processes. Industry 4.0 provides
increased automation, monitoring and
communication enabling engineers to exploit
the numerous benefits of smart factories.

25bn

connected
things by 2021
(Source: Gartner)

Our response
By being a supplier of both industrial and electronic products, we

are well positioned to capitalise on this trend and help our customers
transform the way they operate. Our business is continuously striving
to drive more innovation, creating solutions to enhance our Internet of
Things offering to customers. The recent acquisition of Monition and
launch of OKdo, our new global technology company, will accelerate
‘our work on this front.

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2019

Electrocomponents ple 7

adodg4 S1OaLveLS Hu

BUSINESS MODEL

HOW WE CREATE
VALUE FOR OUR
STAKEHOLDERS

OUR
VISION

To be the first choice
for our customers,
suppliers and our
people, becoming

the global provider of
end-to-end innovations.

8 Electrocompenents ple

Our assets
and resources

Our people

Our people enable us to
provide the exceptional
customer service that keeps
our customers coming back.
Our knowledgeable team is
focused on delivering great
service and we are committed
to investing in their training
and development.

6,600+

employees

Our suppliers

We have strong supplier
relationships. We work
together with a wide range
of suppliers regionally and
internationally, building
strong and mutually
beneficial relationships
that support our customers.

2,500+

major suppliers

Our broad inventory
We offer a broad and
extensive product range,
including our own-brand,
RS PRO. We support our
clients across the design
and maintenance phase

of the product life cycle.

500,000+

stocked products

Our product categories
Industrial interconnect
and test
+ Industrial automation
and control

Tools, consumables and
facilities maintenance
+ Board-level electronics
Single-board computing

new product categories

Our global
distribution network
We aim for best-in-class
fulfilment via our network of
distribution centres and are
investing in our supply chain.
We focus on optimising
transportation across

our network.

32

operating markets

Our digital capabilities
We are expanding our digital
capabilities, improving our
website and eProcurement and
ePurchasing tools to offer our
clients unparalleled ease of use
and personalised systems that
improve efficiency and make it
easier to do business with us.

62%

online revenue

Key statistics

Our largest supplier
represents less than

4%

of Group revenue

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2019

We are a global multi-channel provider of industrial
and electronic products and solutions. We work together

with our customers across the product life cycle to

create solutions that make it easy for our customers
to do business, saving them time and money.

Our
differentiators

Global scale

Our new regional structure
means our activities and
decision making is taking
place closer to our
customers, while making
the most of our scale.

Technical expertise
We have significant
sector-specific knowledge
and expertise. Our sales
teams are well placed

to help customers with
purchasing decisions.

Value-added
solutions

We aid the customer
journey across the product
life cycle, from design
through to procurement,
and from inventory
management to full
maintenance solutions.

Multi-channel
approach

Our customers can

choose how and when

they receive their purchases
and consolidate deliveries,
helping to reduce costs.

Our average order
value is around

£190

Our value-added
solutions across the

product life cycle

Design

We enable design
engineers to use a single
source for all design work
across our DesignSpark
and OKdo platforms

by providing access to
ideas and innovation

as well as products.

Procurement

We offer solutions for
customers to consolidate
their spend and reduce
procure-to-pay costs,
providing continued
cost efficiencies across
eProcurement solutions
and systems such

as IESA’s marketplace
platform, MyMRO.

Inventory

Our range of solutions
enable customers to
manage their inventory
more effectively, reduce
working capital and
improve productivity.

Maintenance

We provide maintenance
solutions to help customers
manage their assets and
improve productivity. We
also offer product-specific
knowledge and services
such as calibration and
condition-monitoring.

Creating value
for our stakeholders

Shareholders ,
We aim to deliver

attractive returns for

our shareholders, with
sustained growth in profit
and cash, driving longer-term
share price appreciation

and year-on-year growth

in dividends.

14.8p

dividend per share

Customers

We seek to save our
customers time and
money and make it

easy to do business.

improvement in
Net Promoter Score

Suppliers

We extend customer reach
and provide insight and
analysis for our suppliers.

60+

new suppliers added
in 2019

No customer represents
more than

1%

of Group revenue

Employees

We are committed to
nurturing talent and building
a high-performance culture.

71%

employee engagement

Communities
We respect, protect
and contribute to the
communities in which
we operate.

150

RS UK STEM ambassadors

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2019

Electrocompenents ple 9

Auodauy O1oaLvELS uw

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW

MAKING
MORE POSSIBLE

It has been four years since | became CEO of Electrocomponents.
During this time we have been consistently focused on becoming
first choice for our customers, suppliers and our people, and on
driving a simpler, more efficient and more scalable model. The
results of this focus have been a significant improvement in our
customer experience, market share growth and profitability.

Progress to date has been good but we remain focused on
delivering more. We have defined a clear vision, strategy and
plan capable of generating a further step change over the
next five years. We remain confident in our ability to deliver
and are excited by the opportunity to make more possible.

During 2019, we enhanced our customer proposition with
the addition of over 60,000 new products to our range
across RS and over 25,000 across Allied, and rolled out

a. comprehensive set of design, procurement, inventory
management and maintenance solutions (see page 9).

We also further differentiated our digital experience to make
cour customers’ lives easier. Strong execution and increased
differentiation in our service have driven a further 5.1%
improvement in the Group