a GROUP |

P sma
ai BROCE: /

cor
‘\ "4

BOSriONt ith CxGOR
j acer LER INTED
Bee

o: uN Us (
PG i)

ROGRESS

[gd DO )
As a high-service global product and
service solutions provider for industrial
customers, our foresight and execution
keep us ahead in a rapidly evolving
world. In challenging markets, we adopt
a long-term perspective, implementing
‘our strategic plan and investing in
sustainable growth.

POSITIONING FOR

ACCELERATED
DELIVERY

By prioritising what makes us different, we are positioning
ourselves for future opportunities. We are building
momentum, resilience and strength for our customers
and suppliers. Our actions today empower tomorrow's
industrial evolution, unlocking future value for RS Group,
for our stakeholders and for a better world.

Strategic report
Performance highlights

RS Group ata glance

Investment proposition

Chairman's introduction

ur cutre and values

(Chief Executive Officers (CEO) introduction
(Our business mode!

Our stakeholders

(Our marketplace

Our strategy

Our people plan

Our strategy in action

‘Accelerating growth through acquisition
Key performance indicators

Financial review

Regional review

Risks, vail and going concern
Environmental, sod and governance (€S6)
Task Force on Cimate-elated Financial
Disclosures (CFO)

Independent limited assurance report

Non financial and sustainabilty
information statement

Section 172 statement

Governance report
CChaiemaris eter

Board of Directors

Governance ata glance

(ur governance framework

‘Board activities during the year

Board evaluation

Board appointments, time commitments
and development

‘Compliance wih the UK Corporate
Governance Code

Nomination Committee report

‘Audit Committee report

Directors Remuneration report
Directors report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
Financial statements
Independent Auditors report

Group accounts

Company accounts

Fve year record

Other information

‘Shareholder information

Glossary of terms

2
“4
6
7
18
2B
2
28
3
36
45

7%
%6

n

np
20
2
3
%
83
*

2

93

97
108
132
135

137
146,
196
201

202

‘STRATEGIC REPORT ‘GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ‘OTHER INFORMATION

SGroup ple AnnualReport and Accounts 20251
Performance highlights

FINANCIAL ESG GLOBAL GOALS

a waioes qeainapemenargn ae oc me GAN; ssonames
£2,904m 9.4% £248m ce tenn “smouns
"

2023/24: 57%

‘Climate leadership

‘EMPOWERING score: A
Theortic emo Glange «Opening pola Proto sore
. a
0 0 “ty —_emplyecengagener
(2) Yo 8.0% £206m soe Bs
Change: +6 pts Change?: (1.3) pts Change: (15)% 2023/24: 75 weg
CHAMPIONING
—————— YOUTH & Oe
Axed camigiperdae Re sch ow Diend par sare ek
young engineers and Qeusanaurnes
v ‘students reached through
m p educational technologies, Global top 50
. " 7 learning content and skills ESG companies

development opportunities
since 2020/21

2023/24: 796k
MSCI

2024 rating: AA

Earnings per share Net cash generated from operations Return on capital employed

32.5p £349m — 15.2% sera S50 “saPGwal

ofsuppers by spendhave
changes change 6% changes (.)08s 3 eeplessbyspentnae prc
Y_apovacirating Pence

. 2023/24: 52%
1. An ternative perormance measure (A, Defntons of APMS together wth the raion or presenting such measures and how these

treasures hav ben sletned canbe found Note 3 on pages 1940 158
2. lope and emsions rm recent scquitons chen pr yea" ata bck'o 201870 base and updated eect
imgrowment to or eportng methodaones, ith mare etal prowse nour ESC ba of epartng 97eupconvsstanably
3. ror year igure ve been reba affecting ie yeaonsjer change. See Not 2 oer Sets —

2 _RSGroup ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

At a glance

OUR PURPOSE

Why we exist

Making amazing
happen for a
better world

+ Read more on pages 45 to 73,

OUR VISION

Where we are going

To be first
choice for all our
stakeholders

+ Read more on pages 12 and 13,

OUR VALUES

How we do business

q w

WE ARE \§
DELIVER
ONE RILLIANTLY
oe a
RIGHT EVERY AY
RIGHT BETTER

+ Read more on pages 5

CONNECTING CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

OPERATING IN 36 COUNTRIES

Asia Pacific
%

ASIA PACIFIC

Americas Group Revenue een
2% £2.904m Pr Revenue Revenue
3 £1,777m £219m
Change: (1% CChange:(39% Change: 2%
Group revenue LUkesforike change:(39% ——_Like-orike change: 0% Uke-for ke change: 0%
Change: (1% 2023/24: £1,795 2003/24: £934m 2003/24; £214m

LUke-forlke change: (29%
2023/24: £2942

SUPPORTING CUSTOMERS ACROSS A RANGE OF INDUSTRIES*

| Design and Discrete
| Manufacturing

Process

|
Share of
revenue:

tes

+ Read more on page 33

Manufacturing

+ Read more on page 34 ++ Read more on page 35,

Facilities and
Intratogistics

£2720)

SMALL BATCH, CONFIGURED PRODUCTION

PLANNED AND EMERGENCY MAINTENANCE, REPLIR NO OPERATIONS (MRO)

AND MULTIPLE PRODUCT CATEGORIES

‘Automation & Control (ARC)
and Electrification

Cables &
Connectors

Share of

an

ote = 95

| Testa

assives | tweasurement | Other

Maintenance

8% 4% | 4%

Personal Protection
Equipment (PPE)
Site Safety

— :
ath a DBGAP mend tao se een AO —-Q

ISIN THE PO Liu

ADDAD II V
CU UTAAY aTHR

| tS
| i

VALUES
TARGETS
dt : : 5)
1 WELL POSITIONED SOIEEERENTIATED) ROJINVESTINGITOUINEROVE
IN GROWTH MARKETS |AEROROSITIONIORIVING] [EEFICIENCYJANDIOBERATING) 2X MARKET
H AMARKET] TEVERAGE (olor

aeons. |
ome atoms MID-TEEN

adjusted operating
profit margin

¥ | R
BOISCIEUINEDJACQUISITIONS IO) SIGNIHICANTUAUE
Aue GROWTH CREATION
Mowat stave as de ected PORTA STAKEHOUD ERS

donita psy ey samc whe oie

4 RSGroup ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Chairman's introduction

IMPLEMENTING
OUR STRATEGY

Rona Fairhead
Chairman

We are happy with the progress we
have made despite the challenging
market backdrop.

We have continued to invest in the business in
2 focused way to drive improvements which will
accelerate value delivery for all our stakeholders
‘once the industry returns to growth. In spite of a
challenging market, our performance has been
resilient and progress has been made in each of
our sx strategic focus areas

11am delighted with the leadership of Simon Pryce
and the way he has steered the business through
this difficult year. Good progress has been made
possible by the relentiess hard work of our
leadership team and our people right across our
business. They have been extraordinary, and |
‘would lke to thank every one of them for their
passion, commitment and professionalism,

Our strategy
Our strategy is clear and has not changed

Sis ahigh-service global product and service
solutions provider to>1m customers, We have

a differentiated competitive proposition within
the industrial MRO market and serve asthe
essential lnk between suppliers and customers
wo require high service lov-volume distribution
We help our customers bud and maintain thei
industrial assets in an efficient and sustainable
way. This has enabled us to continue to deve
marketshare gains despite the market gcicaiy.

FOR OPERATIONAL
PROGRESS

During the year, RS has continued to strengthen
its digital and technology platform, technical
product offer, customer experience and has
greatly enhanced its executional capabilities.
The market potentials significant, and we are
very confident that we are well positioned to
capitalise on the upcoming opportunities as the
gycle turns,

While our primary focus is to build organically,
we continue to pursue value-adding, strategically
relevant acquisitions. Iam pleased to report that
‘our key acquisitions completed over the last few
years have performed wel. Risoul continues to
‘outperform with strong growth and profits since
itjoined the RS family two years ago, and last
year successfully expanded into Trinidad and,
‘Tobago. Similarly, Distrelec, which we bought in
2023, has operated well and integration with our
EMEA business has generated cost synergies
ahead of plan. In April 2024, we acquired Trident
which performed well during the year; we have
successfully integrated back-office functions and
invested in a calibration service laboratory to
accelerate growth. Our mergers and acquisition
(M&A) pipeline remains active, and we aim to
accelerate our growth through further disciplined,
value-accretive acquisitions.
+ For more on our strategy, please see pages
ro

Our culture and values
We are fortunate to have an amazing can-do
culture that exists across our operations
worldwide. During the year, we underpinned this
distinct advantage by continuing to roll out and
‘embed our four values which encapsulate how our
people work together to succeed. They unite us in
how we should behave and differentiate us from
‘our competition, Our values help us to build trust
with our customers, suppliers and shareholders,
enabling us to deliver our strategy more effectively
and with better long-term outcomes for everyone.
+ See pages 5 and 6for more on our values

‘and culture

STRATEGIC REPORT ‘GOVERNANCE REPORT

Effective governance and commitment to the
environment and the communities in which we
‘operate is embedded in our culture and is core to
‘our purpose, strategy and competitive success.
‘Our strong environment, social and governance
(€SG) approach is a commercial driver that helps
us accelerate the achievement of our long-term
‘objectives; we now sel . 30,000 Better World
‘products, which help our customers take direct
‘action on sustainability,

‘Our performance was again recognised by
‘external agencies. RS is now included in the

‘COP Ais, reserved for the top companies
showing advanced climate leadership, globally.
‘The Company has also retained its Platinum
EcoVadis medal, placing us in the top 1% of the
150,000+ companies rated. Furthermore, we have
been listed in the S&P Sustainability Yearbook for
the second consecutive year running, positioning
Us in the top 15% of companies in our industry.

RS has experienced significant benefits from
harnessing the full potential ofthe diverse talents,
‘and experiences across the Company, including
‘on our Board. We are pleased to note that RS was,
nominated joint first of FTSE 250 companies for
‘Women on Boards”. RS Group was also listed in
the Women on Boards and in Leadership’ ranking,

+ For more on ESG see pages 45 073

Our stakeholders

(ur vision is to become first choice forall our
stakeholders: our people, customers, suppliers,
‘communities and shareholders, Engagement with
leach of them is key and feeds into our operating
‘and strategic plans.

‘The Board and our leadership team continue to
‘engage with all our stakeholders to understand
what matters to them, ensuring we are responsive
to their needs and taking action.

We embrace the dialogue with our shareholders,
~ our owners - and enormously value their
contribution. Our Board and executive team
continued to have significant dialogue with
shareholders throughout the year.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In addition to building a resilient, sustainable
‘company for our owners, we also recognise the
importance of our dividend to them. We are
therefore pleased to announce a further increase
in our dividend to 22.4p.

++ More details on our Board engagement with our
stakeholders can be found on page 88

Our Board

‘Simon has brought greater clarity and strategic
focus and has substantially enhanced our abiity
to operate, We are confident that, with Simon at
the helm, supported by Kate Ringrose and our
talented Executive Committee (ExCo), RS will be
able to accelerate the strategy and capitalise on
the opportunities that lie ahead,

RS has an outstanding Board of Directors.
They bring a diverse range of experience

and expertise and are a genuine asset to the
Company, Their wisdom, insight and acumen
are invaluable. We continue to shape and build
‘our talent, so | am pleased to welcome two
‘new Directors, Carole Cran and Miles Roberts,
who joined the Board on 1 December 2024 and
1 March 2025 respectively. Together they bring
strong international and sector experience and
have already made powerful contributions

| would also like to thank Navneet Kapoor, who
‘stepped down from the Board this year, for his
valuable contribution during his tenure.

Looking ahead

‘Aswe navigate the challenging external
environment, we must continue to drive our
strategy and our operational capabilty and invest
in our key strategic initiatives while managing
costs effectively. We remain postive about the
future for RS Group and feel very confident we
have the right strategy - and the right leadership
~to generate stronger and more sustainable
{growth and future returns, which will accelerate
when the market recovers.

Rona Fairhead
Chairman

+ Women on Boars 2026 Riewomenieders com

OTHER INFORMATION. 5

OUR CULIUR

AND VALUES

fr work culture and the

people in our ¢
lite at

colleagues reached 87% in

Be

RS Group ple Annual Report and Accdunts 2025 > §

effect nable
become

‘+ Read more on pages

5 RSGroup ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Our culture and values continued

OUR GUIDING PRINCIPLES
TO SUCCEED

Our values shape how we work, collaborate and
succeed together. These four stories showcase our
values in action, highlighting real-life examples of
how they drive positive change across RS every day.

ai wvERy Day
HE BETTER

COLLABORATION
ACHIEVES RESULTS

When we launched RS PRO products on the
Distrelec website, our goal was to expand our
reach in key categories. In only eight months,
sales increased to £1 milion through the
Distrelec website, with 13,700 customers
purchasing RS PRO products. This success
was driven by seamless collaboration across
‘multiple teams working with a common

{goal and strengthening our presence in

key markets,

£m

in sales in eight months

RISING TO THE OCCASION
TO BEAT THE CLOCK

|ACRS, delivering briianty ist just something,
we say - it something we do, every single
day. A.customer was facing a six-week
‘operational delay, costing £5,000 per day.
ith the clock ticking, the team saw this as
an opportunity to deliver briliantly by owning
the challenge and finding a solution that
‘would make the client proud to work with RS.
This wasnt only about logistics; it was about
Fising to the occasion with a positive mindset
and delivering at pace.

£5,000

saved daily

SPEAKING UP
ALWAYS MATTERS

We are committed to doing the right thing
and conducting business with the utmost
concern for our colleagues. During the year,
we have updated our Speak Up policy and
we now have 11 local language versions.
Ifemployees wish to place an anonymous
report in confidence, then we offer an
independent Speak Up facility, which is
available 24/7,

tl

local language versions

WEIGHTY MEASURES
TO REDUCE WASTE

(Our global distribution centre (OQ in
‘Nuneaton, UK faced a significant challenge
humidity was causing auto pack lds and
boxes to warp, making them unusable in

the machinery and resulting in daily waste
The team devised a simple yet effective pallet-
and-perspex tool to apply weight and prevent
warping, Now used daily it makes every day
better and has successfully reduced waste by
285kg per year

285kg

waste reduced annually

‘STRATEGIC REPORT IMANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Chief Executive Officer's (CEO) introduction

DRIVING OPERATIONAL
EFFECTIVENESS

‘GOVERNANCE REPORT

Simon Pryce
CEO

(OTHER INFORMATION

thas been a year of significant underlying
‘progress at RS Group. We are executing a clear
‘and focused plan to improve performance and
deliver sustainable value forall stakeholders,

‘Our aligned teams are addressing organisational
and process inefficiencies and prioritising

‘ur investment to position RS for accelerated
strategic growth and sustainable value creation.
RS is executing more effectively, with improving
operating metric, although more difficult markets
‘mean this has yet to be reflected in absolute
financial performance. | am extremely grateful
‘and hugely proud of our great people who
Continue to embrace the changes we are making
‘and are working extremely hard to deliver them.

This year, we have faced weaker than anticipated
global industrial demand and geopolitical
Uncertainties that continue to impact business
confidence as reflected in weak manufacturing
Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) data,

This uncertainty continues and is delaying
recovery in industrial production. Against this
difficult market back drop, RS is performing as
it should, Proxy market data, such as supplier
information and digital search enquiries, are
showing that RS continues to take share across
most of our technical product categories.

FOR STRONGER
POSITIONING

RS Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 20257

We are also managing better the things we can
control, making continued selective strategic
investment and improving our execution.

The cost savings we have delivered were
greater than originally planned, and we have
improved cash generation through better focus
‘Our strong balance sheet also gives us the
‘opportunity to accelerate our strategy through
continued but disciplined consolidation within a
fragmented market.

During the year, we provided more detail on
our business, our strategy, our plan of action

to postion RS for accelerated growth and ways
to improve operating leverage and business
efficiency at our Investor Event in September
2024 (ull details on our corporate website
rsgroup.com/investors and on page 9).

We made good progress this year and have
{greater confidence in our abilty to deliver strong
{and more sustainable performance as markets
recover and generate significant value forall our
stakeholders over time.

Our 2024/25 financial performance
During 2024/25, our revenue declined 1% with
like-for-like revenue down 2% reflecting the
difficult industrial markets. Our performance
improved during the second half ofthe year,
especially within Americas and Asia Pacific, partly
due to easier comparable data and a more stable
electronics market, and in the fourth quarter
delivered a small increase in like-for-like revenue
albeit wth continued variability month to month

‘Our average order value declined slightly to
£252 (2023/24: £257) but the average order
frequency increased as supply chain dependability
improved and customers ordered for immediate
need rather than for inventory and availability.
ur industrial product categories continued
to outperform the broader Group reflecting

the relative resilience of these categories, the
importance of our products to customers’
‘operations and increased focus by our teams on

‘a more curated and specialist offer. Our Semis &
Passives and Cables & Connectors product ranges
performance remained weak, reflecting a more
competitive electronics market.

8 RSGroup ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Chief Executive Officer's (CEO) introduction continued

ae a Fee ee
a ae erat a

‘Our growth accelerators continue to outperform
the wider Group: our own-brand RS PRO grew
by 2% ike-forske and our revenue associated
with our service solutions increased by 6%
like-for-like. Digital revenue in total declined

by 2% like-forclke, but this included 4% lke
for-like revenue growth in digital procurement
solutions, such as eProcurement, used by larger
customers requiring a more integrated and
automated procurement method. Pure web
revenue decreased despite improved conversion,
reflecting reduced web enquiries and lower
demand from more transactional customers,

We are capturing some ofthis transactional web
traffic with the continued adoption of our digital
procurement solutions.

We generated £29 milion of cost savings through
actions, including labour, as we improve our
productivity, wth over £38 milion of accumulated
‘savings over the last two years. Additionally, we
delivered £13 milion of one-off cost benefit as
we flexed our spending to reflect the difficult
economic backdrop and accelerated the
integration of our acquisition of Distrelec, partly
offsetting charges relating to the restructuring
{and integration programme. Our actions are
helping offset cost inflation, more normalised
‘employee performance-based incentives, higher
variable costs from customers ordering more
frequently and an increase in organic investment
to support RS for further market share growth
‘and future cost efficiencies. Our adjusted
‘operating profit margin fel 0.7 percentage points
‘on alike-for-lke basis to 9.4%.

‘Amuchimproved cash focus led to an adjusted
‘operating cash flow conversion of 11196

from improved working capital management.
‘Our balance sheet remains strong, with net debt,
to adjusted EBITDA of 1.1x

Executing our strategy

We have made significant progress over the
last two years. Our strengthened leadership
team, greater strategic focus and more relevant
‘operating model is improving consistency and,
delivery. We have developed an integrated action
plan to deliver accelerated growth, improved
Operating leverage and more operating efficiency
‘This has aligned our teams and improved the way
the Group interacts and functions with clarified
accountability enabling more agile decision
‘making and more disciplined investment and
resource allocation. We are now one year into the
execution and delivery ofthis multiyear action
plan, including continued investment in our key
strategic areas of focus to further differentiate our
proposition and drive efficiency benefits and are
already seeing operational improvements.

People

Be first choice for employees through
creating an inclusive and engaging
environment where everyone is proud and
excited to come to work, can perform at their
best, develop and thrive.

This year, we continued to strengthen our

senior leadership capability through a mix of
‘external hires, internal promotions and increased
investment in training and mobility. We launched
a refreshed employee value proposition Go
beyond amazing’ and improved our recruitment
‘capability leading to over 95% of roles now being
filled via our in-house talent acquisition team,
reducing our agency recruitment costs and time
to hire. We have also enhanced our early careers
programme, achieving a platinum award with the
5% Club in the UK

(Our new values have been successfully embedded
{and we are maintaining high engagement

levels despite the significant amount of change
taking place across the organisation and an
uncertain external environment. We enhanced
‘and improved the effectiveness of our Employee
Resource Groups which support the culture of
belonging and overall wellbeing at RS whichis
core to our future success.

ur redesigned employee incentive schemes.
‘and our team recognition tools are proving
effective in creating stronger alignment of
individual objectives with key strategic outcomes
and business performance. This has led to
‘greater focus, empowerment, accountability and
responsibilty. Our key employee operational
metrics remain strong with our voluntary
‘employee turnover at 9%, better than plan

‘and target.

Customers

Focus on higher value customers through
harnessing data, embracing strategic
engagement and ensuring a suitable cost to
serve for all customers.

1n 2024/25, we continued to invest in tooks that
better utilise the extensive data we have on

‘our customers and their transactions. This isto
better support and serve customers with their
infrequent and difficult to predict but critical
demand for, a broad range of technical products
‘across multiple categories, in small volumes at
often relatively high frequency, where availabilty
is valued and key. Ths typically helps customers to
full their MRO needs for small batch and highly
configured production and design requirements
These investments also aim to improve our

focus on high iftime value customers, whilst
continuing to suppor all customers but ensuring
that we serve them in a cost-effective way

OUR

STRATEGIC
ACTIONS

Sha

cee
oS

ey > customer experience -
ssa

| (Cee):

ee

“Strengthen ou

‘ributor of product

ae

‘STRATEGIC REPORT

In the year, we completed the rollout of 2
‘common customer relationship management
tool across EMEA and the US, built a global
‘customer database for a single view of customers
‘and segmented our customers into industry
verticals and value, enabling us to provide them
with a more tailored sales, service and marketing
offer in the future, We also enhanced our Voice
(of Customer platform to better differentiate
feedback between transactional customers and
those receiving sales account input. Being able

to identify ransaction-only customers means

we will be able to provide a more relevant digital
Coffer and service, whilst optimising human touch
for our high lifetime value customers, and an
appropriate cost-to-serve.

Revenue from our high lifetime value corporate
‘customers grew by 4% driven by higher average
order value and average order frequency.

Product and supply chain
Offer technically led and specialist
product ranges supported by strong
supplier relationships.

We continue to invest in strong supplier
relationships, and in our technical product
‘categories to develop more curated and relevant
ranges for our customers and suppliers. We are
also investing in global supply chain processes
‘and infrastructure to optimise supply and delivery
to customers, whilst ensuring we manage
inventory and anticipated demand effectively.

Key areas of progress this year include

the successful launch of our new product
management solution which has tripled the
products that can be uploaded to our websites
‘and reduced onboarding time of technical data
‘materially. The development of strategic supplier
partnership programmes better support our
{growth in MRO, particularly in the Americas.

‘GOVERNANCE REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

‘Ongoing investment in RS PRO, our
quality. assured own-brand offer and accounting
for 14% of Group revenue, grew new product
revenue by 8%, Our Better World product

offer has been enhanced further including
development of a green alternative seling tool
‘aimed at higher ifetime value customers. We also
increased local sourcing and stocking within

‘Asia Pacific to lower freight costs and associated
carbon footprint benefits, cut delivery times and
improve availabilty for customers.

Revenue from new product introductions (PMI)
ahead of target, growing by c. 40% in EMEA
‘and Asia Pacific, and now accounting for 4% of
revenue, Our enhanced supplier programme is
driving stronger revenue performance in their
brands and delivering procurement benefits,

Solutions and services

Deliver valued, scalable solutions which
builds greater strategic engagement and
drives product pullthrough.

We are focusing our wide solutions and services
offer better prioritising our digital procurement
and inventory management offer. During the
year we re-platformed our eProcurement offer in
‘Americas and Asia Pacific enhancing content and
‘order processes through new software planning
tools and expanded and digitalised our custom
‘order solution, particularly in the US.

A refreshed strategy at RS Integrated Supply
included cutting unprofitable clients, development
‘of new client acquisitions, implementing robust
‘cash management and delivering standardisation
‘and automation to drive cost efficiencies

and scalability.

During the year we have seen 4% growth in
‘eProcurement revenue. RS Integrated Supply
has delivered c. 140% increase in order book and
improved commercialy,

OTHER INFORMATION

Experience

Strengthen and tailor our customer
‘experience to provide a digitally led,
seamless omnichannel service.

RS has a strong digital presence, which isa
source of competitive advantage especially
Within the industrial business-to-business.
market. We are investing to unify our digital
platform across the Group to provide a seamless
‘omnichannel experience and remove complexity
and inefficiencies

In 2024/25, we upgraded and enhanced our
digital platform in Americas which will then be
rolled out across EMEA and most markets in Asia
Pacific over the next three years. We also invested
in bestin-class digital tools such as Al-powered
search capabilites globally and upgraded our
‘browse facilites within EMEA and Asia Pacific.

‘Our real-time product tracking system, which
was several years in development, was launched
in the frst half with full rollout expected after

‘we complete the customer pilot. This should
‘materially improve our customer experience and
reduce customer service enquiries, open orders
and returned or cancelled orders. We are also
tailoring a localised digital infrastructure for Asia.
Pacific to enhance our customer experience that
reflects local customer needs, provides more
tailored content and facilitates easier compliance
with regional regulations and standards.

{Al search is enabling us to optimise the 84 million
‘search queries per annum we receive and
redirect our customer service into value-added
sales functions, enhancing customer experience.
‘There has been a 3.3% increase in search visits
adding to basket and 3.4% improved search
revenue generation from our Al search tools.

RS Group ple Annual Report and'Accounts 2025. 9

mos

10 RSGroup plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Chief Executive Officer's (CEO) introduction continued

Operational excellence
Delivering efficient physical, digital and
process infrastructure, improved operating
leverage and marginal drop-through.

We are making significant progress in improving
‘operational efficiency and reducing complexity
‘aS we harmonise and upgrade our systems,
processes, technology and digital infrastructure.

We continued to invest in our physical
infrastructure: expanding our distribution centre
(00) in France, increasing capacity in our US

DC through increased automation and scale
and accelerating the closure of the Distrelec

DC to improve the efficiency and reduce the
cost ofthe RS distribution network quicker than
originally planned.

‘We are simplifying and upgrading our technology
infrastructure and digital landscape, aligning our
data and moving to standardised and globally
harmonised, cloud native technology platforms.
‘This is a multi-year programme that has only

just commenced but moving to best-in-class
applications for each function, module-by-module,
will deliver significant operational and financial
benefits in the medium term, create increased
capacity, reduce project risk and importantly
improve agility and scalability.

|As we upgrade our technology platform and,
applications estate, we are standardising

‘and modernising our middle and back office
processes which will utimately reduce our

cost base and improve productivity, scalability,
‘and flexibility. We are consolidating and

better leveraging our global shared business
services, strengthening our resource allocation
planning and processes and improving our
‘operational oversight and control environment.
‘Standardising and streamlining our project
management procedures will rive greater
efficiency, consistency and collaboration across
the Group.

During the year we rationalised c. 40 technology
‘applications, reduced our headcount by c. 4%,
began the migration of our Distrelec customers.

and rationalised our global shared business
‘services delivering improved productivity and
associated cost benefits. We are well on the

‘way to delivering the operational efficiencies,
cost savings and increased scalability that will
equate toa. 150bp (equivalent to. £45 milion)
cof operating margin improvement over the
medium term.

Acquisitions that accelerate

our strategy

Theres a solid pipeline of acquisition
‘opportunities that can accelerate our strategy
ina value disciplined way, supported by our
strong balance sheet. Selective acquisitions can
enhance our presence in key markets, accelerate
‘ur operating leverage strengthen product
‘specialisation and expand our solutions and
services portfolio. We are, however, mindful of the
‘current macro uncertainty and will remain value
disciplined in the way we assess opportunites.

Integration of our recent acquisitions has
‘continued at pace and remain on track to deliver
returns thet more than cover our cost of capital
within three years. We are particularly pleased
with the progress our teams are making in
integrating Distrelec and RS EMEA, which is
materially exceeding the initial benefits case.

‘This has included migrating customers to RS,
exiting the Distrelec third-party managed OC

in the Netherlands and utilising our facilities
across Europe. At the end of the year we agreed
the divestment of Oistrelecs sales activities in
Finland and the Balics, for c, £5 milion, to our
long-term distribution partner in the region,
Boreo Pl. RS will continue to supply Distrelec
customers in these markets through an expanded
distribution agreement.

‘The acquisition of Trident in Perth, Australia, in
‘April 2024 has expanded our service capability,
provided local fulfilment centre capacity in the
region and opened opportunities with customers
in the resources sector Trident is performing
‘ahead of our investment case despite challenging
markets in Australia,

Focusing on sustainability for
stronger value creation

We continue to accelerate the delivery of our
2030 €SG action plan to protect people and

the planet, whilst leveraging opportunities for
commercial growth for RS and our stakeholders
Sustainabiliy remains an important opportunity
for RS and a priority for our high-value customers
‘who expect 3 choice of sustainable products and
services that enhance operational efficiency and
reduce costs, with detailed and transparent SG
reports to comply with tightening regulations

Working closer with our suppliers to develop an
industry-leading sustainable product framework

is enabling our customers to make more
sustainable and responsible product choices.

This includes a dedicated range ofc. 30,000 Better
World products from over 132 supplies, digitally
tagged on RS websites.

We made significant progress in delivering a more
sustainable distribution service (OCs, packaging
and logistics) to provide a better service to

‘our customers and reduce our environmental
impacts. During the year we reduced our Scope 1
{and 2 emissions by 7% on a like-for-like basis from
2023/24; logistics emissions intensity in Europe
hrs fallen by 6% and in Asia Pacific by 15%, and
94% of packaging is recyclable with 93% of group
electricity from renewable sources. Due to exsting
‘outperformance, we have extended our 2030,
ambitions to reduce packaging intensity and
transport emissions intensity from our 2019/20
baseline to 45% and 35% respectively,

Iwas delighted that our progress towards
advancing sustainability resulted in us making
the CDP A lst this year improving from A-to.A
‘and maintaining our Platinum EcoVadis status.
‘These top-tier ESG ratings recognise the strength
cof our commitment, action and disclosure, and
the robustness of our €5G action plan

Exciting long-term potential

RS provides the essential ink between suppliers
of industrial products and a diverse customer
‘base that displays common buying behaviour
associated with infrequent and diffcut to predict
but critical demand fr abroad range of technical
products across multiple categories, in small
volumes at often relatively high frequency where
availabilty and service is valued and key. Our wide
product offer, specialist expertise, digitalled
proposition, strong distribution capabilities and
{global infrastructure, combined with our growing
focus on solutions and services, are driving
‘ongoing market share growth. We also continue
{0 invest to improve our operational effectiveness
and drive better operating efficiencies

‘Our undertying progress to date gives us
increased confidence in delivering our medium-
term financial targets when the market recovers
2 volume growth delivers additional leverage to a
more efficient operating model.

Our investment thesis remains compelling. RS is:

~ uniquely positioned in fragmented markets with
attractive through-ycle growth characteristics

~ driving marketshare gains through a
differentiated technical and digital product and
service solutions offer

~ investing to improve efficiency and operating
leverage of our global infrastructure to drive
significant margin expansion

~ accelerating growth through
disciplined acquisitions

~ a significant and sustainable value
Creation opportunity

We remain confident of delivering our targeted
financial outcomes in the medium term of
revenue growth of twice our market, mid-teen
adjusted operating margin, cash conversion of
80% and 3 sustainable return on capital of more
than 20%.

Simon Pryce
CEO