BETA Close X RS Group PLC has published its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026, along with the Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026, which will be distributed to shareholders shortly. The AGM is scheduled for Thursday, 16 July 2026, at 12:00 PM. Copies of these documents, including the form of proxy, have been submitted to the Financial Services Authority National Storage Mechanism and are available on the company's website. Disclaimer* RS Group PLC 08 June 2026 RS GROUP PLC (the 'Company') ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2026 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The Company has today published on its website ( www.rsgroup.com/investors/shareholder-information/agm-information ) the Notice of Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2026 (the 2026 AGM Notice), along with its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026 (the 2026 Annual Report and Accounts), which will be distributed to shareholders shortly. The Company's AGM will be held on Thursday, 16 July 2026 at 12.00pm at the offices of Teneo, The Carter Building, 11 Pilgrim Street, London, EC4V 6RN. Pursuant to Listing Rule 6.4.1 copies of the documents listed below have been submitted to the Financial Services Authority National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for viewing in unedited full text at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . · 2026 Annual Report and Accounts · 2026 AGM Notice · Form of proxy for the AGM Clare Underwood Company Secretary 8 June 2026 Enquiries: Carla Bloom VP Investor Relations 020 7239 8427 Martin Robinson Teneo Communications 020 7260 2700 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 57 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 57 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 57 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 57 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 57 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and