BETA Close X RS Group PLC has reported continued positive momentum into the first quarter of FY 2026/27, aligning with expectations and showing good progress across all regions due to strong execution of its improvement plan. Company compiled consensus for the year ending March 31, 2027, forecasts revenue of £3,014 million, adjusted operating profit of £282 million, and adjusted profit before tax of £261 million. This update precedes the company's Annual General Meeting. Disclaimer* RS Group PLC 16 July 2026 16 July 2026, 7.00 am RS GROUP PLC AGM Statement Continued momentum as anticipated, good progress across all regions RS Group plc, the global high-service product and service solutions provider for industrial customers, provides the following update ahead of its Annual General Meeting to be held at 12.00 pm today. The Group has made a solid start to FY 2026/27, with the positive market momentum seen in Q4 FY2025/26 continuing into the first quarter. This, combined with strong execution of our multi-year improvement plan, is delivering good progress across all regions, as we anticipated at the start of the year. Notes: Company compiled consensus for the year ended 31 March 2027 has revenue of £3,014 million, adjusted operating profit of £282 million and adjusted profit before tax of £261 million. Source: rsgroup.com/investors/analyst-consensus/. Enquiries: Kate Ringrose Chief Financial Officer 020 7239 8400 Carla Bloom VP Investor Relations 020 7239 8427 Martin Robinson Teneo Communications 020 7260 2700 Notes to editors: RS is a high-service global product and services and solutions provider for industrial customers, enabling them to operate efficiently and sustainably. We operate in 33 markets, stock over 875,000 industrial and specialist products and list an additional five million relevant for our industrial customers, sourced from over 2,500 suppliers. This extensive range supports our customers across the industrial lifecycle of designing, building and maintaining equipment and operations. We enhance their experience through a tailored service model, leveraging our efficient physical, digital and process infrastructure sustainably. We combine a technically led and digitally enabled approach with an exceptional team of experts; ultimately, it's our people that make the difference. Our purpose, making amazing happen for a better world, reflects our focus on delivering results for people, planet and profit. RS Group plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange with stock ticker RS1 and in the year ended 31 March 2026 reported revenue of £2,881 million. For more information, please visit www.rsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and