BETA Close X RS Group PLC announced that Louisa Burdett will retire from the Board of Directors on January 31, 2026, after a nine-year tenure, as part of a planned succession. Burdett joined the company in February 2017 and has served as Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees. Carole Cran succeeded Burdett as Chair of the Audit Committee in July 2025. The company expressed gratitude for Burdett's dedication and contributions. Disclaimer* RS Group PLC 12 December 2025 RS GROUP PLC (the "Company") Directorate Change 12 December 2025 Director Retirement As part of planned succession, the Company announces that Louisa Burdett will retire from the Board of Directors of the Company at the end of her nine-year tenure on the Board with effect from 31 January 2026. Louisa joined the Company in February 2017, and has served as Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees. As announced in July 2025, Carole Cran succeeded Louisa as Chair of the Audit Committee. Rona Fairhead, Chairman of the Company, said: "The Board is extremely grateful to Louisa for her dedication to RS Group and invaluable contribution over the years. We wish her every success in the future." Enquiries: Clare Underwood Company Secretary 03457 201201 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RS Group (RS1) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and