BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC announces that Senior Independent Director, Serena Lang, has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate of Gooch & Housego PLC, effective immediately, and will transition to Non-Executive Chair. This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 03 June 2026 HENRY BOOT PLC ('the Company') Director Declaration In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9, the Company announces that Senior Independent Director, Serena Lang, has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate of AIM-listed Gooch & Housego PLC with immediate effect. Serena will become Non-Executive Chair following a transition period. Enquiries: Henry Boot PLC Jaimie Read, Company Secretary Tel: 0114 255 5444 www.henryboot.co.uk Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. : 213800H5873O9TC3XT22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and