BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC has completed the sale of a retail asset in Warminster, comprising a supermarket and three adjoining units anchored by Waitrose, for £8.6 million. This disposal, which generated a net initial yield of 6.6% and was at a premium to its book value, reflects the group's strategy to recycle capital from its investment portfolio to fund future growth opportunities. The property, developed in 2012, is fully let with Waitrose accounting for 82% of the income and a weighted average unexpired lease term of 10.9 years. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 05 March 2026 Henry Boot completes £8.6m sale of prime retail asset in Warminster Henry Boot announces that HBD, the group's property investment and development arm, has completed the sale of a supermarket and three adjoining retail units anchored by Waitrose, in Warminster, to a UK real estate investment trust for £8.6m. The purpose-built 29,350 sq ft property is fully let and is located on a two-acre site on the edge of Warminster town centre. HBD completed the development in 2012. Since completion, the property has been held within Henry Boot's investment portfolio. Waitrose accounts for 82% of the income, with the weighted average unexpired lease term 10.9 years (10.4 years to first break). The sale represents a net initial yield of 6.6% and at a premium to the 31 December 2025 book value. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented : "This disposal reflects the group's focus on recycling capital from its investment portfolio, ensuring we remain well positioned to deploy capital to continue generating long‑term returns. We will continue to be patient in building back the value of the investment portfolio through high‑quality projects such as Origin, in line with our medium‑term target." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group, which comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes, Banner Plant and Road Link. Operating across the UK, and employing over 400 people, we focus on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. Hallam Land has facilitated 52,000 new homes since 1990, managing one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.3billion, the equivalent of 7 million sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a c.£113million investment portfolio, of which 73% of the properties have an EPC rating of 'C' or higher. Stonebridge Homes, our jointly-owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 1,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. For 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the north of England. We have also developed an ambitious responsible business strategy to help us meet our aim of being net zero carbon by 2030, and to deliver, by 2025, charitable, community and education work valued at £1million. From land promotion and property development investment to home-building and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and