BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC's land promotion business, Hallam Land, has successfully sold a 237-acre site with planning for 1,270 residential units, including 30% affordable housing, an extra care facility, and community amenities, to Persimmon Homes. This transaction generated an ungeared internal rate of return of 25% per annum and signifies progress towards Hallam Land's 2025 sales target, demonstrating the continued demand from national housebuilders for well-located, consented land. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 25 November 2025 Henry Boot completes sale of 1,270 residential plots to Persimmon Homes Henry Boot announces that its land promotion and planning business, Hallam Land, has completed the sale of a site with planning for 1,270 residential units on the edge of Tamworth, Staffordshire, to national house builder Persimmon Homes. The sale resulted in an ungeared internal rate of return of 25% p.a. and represents further progress in Hallam Land achieving its 2025 annual sales target. In 2016, Hallam Land reached an agreement with the landowners to develop the 237-acre site. Due to the site being located on the border between Warwickshire and Tamworth, duplicate planning applications were initially submitted in 2018 to North Warwickshire Borough Council and Tamworth Borough Council. The site was allocated for housing in the North Warwickshire Local Plan in 2021 and subsequently gained outline planning permission in June 2025. The planning consent provides for 1,270 homes of which 30% are affordable, and includes a 100 unit extra care facility, and a local community centre alongside a primary school and sports pitches. A Biodiversity Net Gain of over 10% has also been forecast to improve the surrounding habitats. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented: " This latest transaction provides further momentum towards achieving our 2025 sales target. It is the result of years of collaboration with local councils and planners and again demonstrates Hallam Land's expertise in securing planning permissions for homes on large and complex sites. The sale to Persimmon demonstrates the continued appetite amongst national housebuilders for well located land with planning consent and will help deliver much-needed homes and community amenities, while creating value for our investors at the same time." Emily Berville Charlesworth, Head of Land at Persimmon Homes and Charles Church in the Central region said: "We are delighted to have completed the purchase of this land. Plans for the site will see the integration of large scale, new housing and public open space alongside a number of education and community facilities as well as environmental enhancements. We are now working on the first phase of detailed planning consent with a view to submitting to the Local Authority in early 2026." Neil Williams, Regional Managing Director at Persimmon Homes Central and West Midlands said: "This site offers the opportunity for two of our operating businesses to work together to deliver substantial new homes in the North Warwickshire area which will support the Local Authority in meeting their housing targets. We believe the location, and the plans we are creating, will offer a great environment where people will want to live." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development, home building and construction businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group - which comprises, Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge, Henry Boot Construction, Banner Plant and Road Link. Operating across the UK, and employing over 500 people, we focus on three key markets: urban development, industrial and logistics and residential. Hallam Land manages one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 105,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.3bn, the equivalent of 8.3m sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a £96m investment portfolio, of which 90% of the properties have an EPC rating of 'C' or higher. Stonebridge, our jointly owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering c.2,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. Henry Boot Construction has extensive experience in both the public and private sectors, including major projects such as the £200m regeneration of Barnsley town centre, and The Cocoa Works, a £57m residential development in York. For over 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the North of England. We have also developed an ambitious Responsible Business Strategy to help us meet our aim of being Net Zero Carbon by 2030, and to deliver, by 2025, charitable, community and education work valued at £1m. From land promotion, property development and investment to home building, construction and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Pete Mackie 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and