BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC announced that CEO Tim Roberts will step down later this year after six years, during which he modernized the business and oversaw strategic changes including the acquisition of Stonebridge Homes and disposal of Henry Boot Construction. Edward Hutchinson, currently Interim Managing Director of Stonebridge Homes, will succeed Roberts, bringing extensive experience in land acquisition and construction processes. The company highlighted its robust talent management and succession planning in appointing an internal candidate. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 08 May 2026 HENRY BOOT PLC ('Henry Boot', the 'Company' or the 'Group') CEO Succession Henry Boot PLC, one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses, announces that after six years in the role, Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer ('CEO') of the Company, will step down from the Board later this year. The Board is pleased to announce that Edward Hutchinson, Interim Managing Director ('MD') of Stonebridge Homes, will be appointed as Tim's successor. Tim will work alongside Ed to provide a comprehensive handover and enable a smooth transition. A further update confirming the timing of these changes will be made in due course. Tim joined Henry Boot in 2020 and led the Company through a period of transformation. During his tenure, he has modernised the business, establishing and then developing the Executive Committee as a strategic leadership team, and evolved the approach to strategy, data and reporting. He has driven the simplification of the Group's strategy, including the recent phased acquisition of Stonebridge Homes and the disposal of Henry Boot Construction, the head office move to Sheffield city centre and proactively championed the Company's responsible business agenda. Ed, a chartered surveyor, joined the Group's development business ('HBD') in 2004, becoming a director of HBD in 2012 and Managing Director in 2018. He has been a key member of the Executive Committee over the past six years and more recently assumed the role of Interim MD of Stonebridge Homes, leading the business' integration into the Group and being responsible for the improvement plan. Ed has extensive expertise in building and construction processes, as well as land acquisition, planning and stakeholder engagement. Peter Mawson, Chair, said: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Tim for his hard work and stewardship. During the last six years, Tim has led the business through unprecedented challenges and macro economic uncertainty, and delivered significant strategic and operational change. We wish him all the very best in his retirement from his executive career. I am delighted to welcome Ed as the next CEO, and pleased that we have been able to appoint an internal candidate as a result of our robust approach to talent management and ongoing succession planning." Tim Roberts, CEO, said: "Henry Boot is a special business, with great people and great assets. Whilst the last six years or so have seen a period of geopolitical and economic uncertainty, it has been a pleasure working with all my colleagues in modernising, and providing strategic focus for, the business. Now is the right time for a leadership transition and I will work with Ed to ensure a smooth handover and wish him and the Company every success for the future." Ed Hutchinson, CEO Designate, said: "I am absolutely delighted to be announced as the new CEO. Henry Boot has a long and rich history and it is a privilege to lead the business into its next chapter. The Company has dedicated and passionate people and I have every confidence that, together, we can drive success for this great business and our customers, alongside delivering excellent returns for our shareholders." Notes · This announcement is being made pursuant to UKLR 6.4.6R. · There are no other matters to be disclosed under UKLR 6.4.8R in relation to Ed Hutchison's appointment. · Full details of remuneration arrangements in relation to Tim's departure will be disclosed on the Company's website when Tim steps down from the Board in accordance with section 430(2B) of the Companies Act 2006. · This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulations. · The person responsible for making this announcement on behalf of Henry Boot PLC is Jaimie Read, Company Secretary. Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group - which comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes and Banner Plant. Operating across the UK, and employing nearly 400 people, we focus on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. Hallam Land has facilitated 52,000 new homes since 1990, managing one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 105,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.4bn, the equivalent of 7m sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a c.£120m investment portfolio. Stonebridge Homes, our jointly-owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 2,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. For 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the north of England. We have also developed an ambitious responsible business strategy to help us meet our aim of being net zero carbon by 2030. From land promotion and property development investment to home building and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. Certain information contained in this announcement would have constituted inside information (as defined by Article 7 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014), as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) ("MAR") prior to its release as part of this announcement and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of those Regulations. Enquiries Henry Boot PLC Jaimie Read, Company Secretary 0114 255 5444 henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. : 213800H5873O9TC3XT22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and