BETA Close X Henry Boot's land promotion business, Hallam Land, has successfully secured outline planning permission for 1,000 homes in Ashford, Kent, following a successful appeal against non-determination by Ashford Borough Council. This consent, granted in December 2025 after an appeal in January 2025, includes 19% affordable housing, self-build plots, a local centre, a primary school, office space, and a community hall. Marketing of the site for sale is expected to commence shortly, with strong interest anticipated. In 2025, Hallam Land achieved approvals for 4,159 plots and aims to submit applications for approximately 10,000 plots this year, leveraging positive planning policy changes. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 12 February 2026 Henry Boot secures outline planning consent for 1,000 homes in Ashford, Kent Henry Boot's land promotion and planning business, Hallam Land, has won an appeal to secure outline planning permission for 1,000 homes in Ashford, Kent. In 2006, Hallam Land entered into an initial planning promotion agreement with the landowners. A planning application was submitted in 2018, with the site receiving an allocation for housing in the Ashford Local Plan in 2019. Ashford Borough Council failed to make a decision on the application, which led Hallam Land to appeal in January 2025 based on non-determination. The appeal was successful, resulting in full approval in December 2025. In addition to the 1,000 homes, of which 19% are affordable, the consent will deliver self-build plots, a local centre, a primary school, flexible office space and a community hall. Marketing of the site for sale will commence very shortly, and strong interest in the opportunity is expected. Hallam Land achieved approvals for 4,159 plots in 2025 and is actively working on several applications, aiming to submit around 10,000 plots this year, taking advantage of positive momentum in the planning system following the government's recent policy changes. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented : "Securing outline planning consent for 1,000 homes in Ashford marks another significant milestone for Hallam Land and reflects the strong momentum we are seeing across the business. Hallam Land continues to prove its resilience and expertise in unlocking high quality development opportunities alongside landowners and local authorities." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group - which comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes, Banner Plant and Road Link. Operating across the UK, and employing over 400 people, we focus on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. Hallam Land has facilitated 52,000 new homes since 1990, managing one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.3billion, the equivalent of 7 million sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a c.£113million investment portfolio, of which 73% of the properties have an EPC rating of 'C' or higher. Stonebridge Homes, our jointly-owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 1,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. For 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the north of England. We have also developed an ambitious responsible business strategy to help us meet our aim of being net zero carbon by 2030, and to deliver, by 2025, charitable, community and education work valued at £1million. From land promotion and property development investment to home-building and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and