BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC has announced organizational changes and promotions to enhance efficiency and drive future growth, including the creation of a Chief Operating Officer role filled by Steven Stacey, who will oversee central functions and join the Executive Committee. Ed Hutchinson will serve as Interim Managing Director of Stonebridge Homes while Hamer Boot takes on day-to-day leadership of HBD's Strategic Board, managing its £1.3bn pipeline. Jaimie Read has been promoted to Company Secretary, reporting to the CFO, as part of these strategic adjustments aimed at strengthening the group's agility and responsiveness. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 11 December 2025 Henry Boot announces organisational changes to support future growth Henry Boot announces today that it has made a number of promotions and organisational changes in line with its ongoing commitment to further enhancing efficiency and driving improved operational performance. In March, the group commenced a Future Ways of Working (FWoW) programme, designed to drive growth by harnessing closer working relationships, aligning working practises and leveraging synergies. The sale of Henry Boot Construction, announced in September, was a key step in simplifying the group's structure and increasing our focus on high quality land, prime property development and premium homes. Through FWoW we aim to strengthen the group's agility, resilience and responsiveness whilst efficiently managing the cost base and improving the sharing of expertise and resources between Henry Boot's businesses. To progress this further, we have taken the decision to reshape some group functions and refresh the Executive Committee (Exco). To this end the group is pleased to announce the promotion of Steven Stacey to the newly created role of Chief Operating Officer (COO), where his focus will be on helping drive efficiency, collaboration and alignment across the group, while being responsible for Henry Boot's central functions of Legal, IT, Marketing and Risk. Steven has been with the group for almost nine years, most recently as Henry Boot's Group Finance Director where he reported directly to CFO, Darren Littlewood. In this new role Steven will also join the group's Exco and report directly to CEO, Tim Roberts. At Stonebridge Homes (SBH) Steve Errington has stepped down as Managing Director and will be leaving the business immediately. Whilst the search for a permanent replacement is already underway, Ed Hutchinson, currently Managing Director of HBD and Exco member, will serve as Interim Managing Director of SBH. In this role he will continue to progress the integration of SBH into the group through the FWoW programme. Ed has successfully led HBD for the past seven years and has extensive expertise in building and construction processes, as well as land acquisition, planning and stakeholder engagement, including customers. He has overseen the successful delivery of a number of major residential developments for HBD, including The Chocolate Works in York and SETL in Birmingham. Hamer Boot, who is currently Director of Investment and Funding at HBD, will assume day-to-day responsibility for leading the HBD's Strategic Board, while Ed focusses on SBH. Hamer was promoted to his current role in 2020, having joined HBD in 2013 from CBRE. His expertise and experience will ensure that HBD remains firmly focussed on delivering its development programme while selectively adding future opportunities to its £1.3bn pipeline. Jaimie Read, who joined Henry Boot in 2017, has been promoted to the role of Company Secretary and will lead the CoSec team while reporting to the CFO. Jaimie assumes the role from Amy Stanbridge, General Counsel and Company Secretary, who will be leaving the business after 11 years. In her role and as a member of Exco, Amy has been responsible for initiatives to improve legal engagement and ensure good governance. These appointments follow the group's announcement in September 2025 that Iain MacSween will succeed Nick Duckworth as Managing Director of Hallam Land on 1 January 2026, at which time he will also join Exco. His appointment ensures continuity and strong leadership for the business as we accelerate planning applications for new homes across the country. The CEO, CFO and People Director as well as the Managing Director of Banner Plant will continue in their current roles as members of Exco, thereby ensuring stability and continuity at the core of the group. Members of Exco will report to the CEO. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented: " This restructuring represents a significant step in positioning the group for future growth, building on the strength of Henry Boot's long term foundations and track record. By refreshing our leadership and aligning our organisational structure with the evolving needs of the business, while better leveraging the superb range of skills and expertise we are fortunate to have across the group, we are confident in our ability to continue to create long term value and robust returns for all our stakeholders ." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development, home building and construction businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group - which comprises, Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge, Henry Boot Construction, Banner Plant and Road Link. Operating across the UK, and employing over 500 people, we focus on three key markets: urban development, industrial and logistics and residential. Hallam Land manages one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 105,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.3bn, the equivalent of 8.3m sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a £96m investment portfolio, of which 90% of the properties have an EPC rating of 'C' or higher. Stonebridge, our jointly owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering c.2,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. Henry Boot Construction has extensive experience in both the public and private sectors, including major projects such as the £200m regeneration of Barnsley town centre, and The Cocoa Works, a £57m residential development in York. For over 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the North of England. We have also developed an ambitious Responsible Business Strategy to help us meet our aim of being Net Zero Carbon by 2030, and to deliver, by 2025, charitable, community and education work valued at £1m. From land promotion, property development and investment to home building, construction and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and