BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC has made its 2025 Annual Report and Financial Statements and the Notice of Annual General Meeting available on its website and will submit them to the National Storage Mechanism. Shareholders who have elected to receive paper copies will receive hard copies of the Annual Report, AGM Notice, and Form of Proxy by mail today. The company previously announced its unaudited preliminary results on March 24, 2026. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled for May 21, 2026. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 21 April 2026 HENRY BOOT PLC ('the Company') 2025 Annual Report and Financial Statements ('the Annual Report') and Notice of Annual General Meeting The Company announced its unaudited preliminary results on 24 March 2026 in accordance with the financial reporting obligations of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. The Annual Report, Notice of Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on 21 May 2026 ( "AGM Notice" ) and information relating to the voting rights of shareholders (as required by section 311A of the Companies Act 2006) is available to view today on the Company's website, www.henryboot.co.uk The related Form of Proxy, hard copies of the Annual Report and the AGM Notice will be mailed today to those shareholders on the register who have elected to continue to receive paper copies of shareholder communications. In addition, these documents will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism (NSM) and will be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism shortly after mailing. In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(1A), the regulated information required by DTR 6.3.5 is available in unedited full text within the Annual Report as on the Company's website and as soon to be uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism as noted above. Further copies of the 2025 Annual Report can be requested by writing to the Company Secretary, Henry Boot PLC, Isaacs Building, 4 Charles Street, Sheffield, S1 2HS or by emailing investors@henryboot.co.uk Please note the AGM will be held at DoubleTree by Hilton Sheffield City, Bramall Lane, Sheffield, S2 4SU, at 12.30pm on 21 May 2026. Enquiries: Henry Boot PLC Jaimie Read Company Secretary Tel: 0114 255 5444 www.henryboot.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and