BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC has appointed Warren Thompson as the new Managing Director for its home building division, Stonebridge Homes, bringing over 30 years of industry experience. Thompson, who joins from Keepmoat Homes, will also become a member of the group's Executive and Investment Committees. In the interim, Ed Hutchinson will continue to oversee Stonebridge Homes alongside his upcoming role as Group CEO, with Jenny Purple from Hallam Land providing additional interim leadership support. This appointment is seen as crucial for unlocking Stonebridge Homes' potential within Henry Boot's future growth strategy. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 12 June 2026 12 June 2026 HENRY BOOT PLC Appointment of new Managing Director at Stonebridge Homes Henry Boot, a company engaged in land promotion, property investment and development, and home building, today announces that it has appointed Warren Thompson as the new Managing Director for Stonebridge Homes (SBH), the group's home building division. As part of the appointment, Warren will become a member of both the group's Executive and Investment Committees. Warren will join the business from Keepmoat Homes towards the end of the year, where he currently serves as Regional Managing Director, with responsibility for Yorkshire West. He brings more than 30 years' industry experience with the last 20 years in senior leadership roles with national house builders including as Northern Divisional Managing Director at Miller Homes and Regional Chief Executive for the Midlands & North West at Redrow Homes, as well as at Avant Homes and Harron Homes. In the interim period, Ed Hutchinson will continue to oversee SBH alongside his upcoming role as the group's new Chief Executive Officer. In addition, Jenny Purple, the current National Disposals Director at the group's strategic land business, Hallam Land, will assume an interim elevated leadership role at SBH until Warren arrives. CEO of Henry Boot, Tim Roberts, said: "Warren is highly experienced in house building across the UK and has a strong track record of delivering growth and operational performance. Stonebridge Homes remains an important part of Henry Boot's future growth strategy, and I believe Warren's appointment will help us unlock the business's huge potential." Warren Thompson commented: "I'm delighted to be joining Stonebridge Homes, a business that has built a strong reputation for delivering high-quality homes and creating places where people want to live. I'm looking forward to working with the team to build on that success and support the next phase of its development." ENDS Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange for nearly 100 years, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group, which comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes and Banner Plant. We have developed a responsible business strategy to help us meet our aim of being net zero carbon by 2030. Operating across the UK, and employing over 400 people, we focus on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. Hallam Land has facilitated 52,000 new homes since 1990, managing one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.4 billion, the equivalent of 7 million sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a c.£120 million investment portfolio. Stonebridge Homes, our jointly-owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 1,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. For 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the north of England. From land promotion and property development investment to home building and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland/Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Peel Hunt LLP Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Asha Chotai /Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and