BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC has announced upcoming changes to its Board of Directors. Serena Lang, Non-executive Director, will step down after joining in August 2022, and Talita Ferreira, Non-executive Director, will depart on November 30, 2026, due to increased responsibilities. Earl Sibley, who joined as a Non-executive Director in April 2025, will succeed Talita Ferreira as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. The company is actively searching for two new independent Non-executive Directors to ensure continued balance of skills and expertise on the Board. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 27 August 2026 Board Changes Henry Boot PLC (the 'Company'), one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses, announces forthcoming changes to the Board. Serena Lang, Non-executive Director, has notified the Board of her intention to step down from the Board to focus on her other business and charitable activities. She will remain on the Board in her current capacity until her successor has been recruited to support an orderly transition. Serena joined the Board in August 2022 and became Chair of the Responsible Business Committee in January 2023 and Senior Independent Director in October 2024. In addition, Talita Ferreira, Non-executive Director, has informed the Board of her intention to step down from the Board on 30 November 2026, due to increased responsibilities associated with her role at the Institute of Directors. Talita was appointed to the Board in January 2024 and became Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee in September 2024. Earl Sibley, who joined as a Non-executive Director in April 2025, will succeed Talita as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. The Board has commenced a search for two new independent Non-executive Directors, continuing its commitment to ensuring the appropriate balance of skills, expertise and knowledge of the Board as a whole. Further announcements regarding these appointments will be made in due course. Peter Mawson, Chair, commented: "We wish Serena and Talita well for the future and thank them for their valuable contributions to the Board of Henry Boot. Over recent years, we have made meaningful progress against our diversity targets, and we remain committed to building on this as part of our ongoing board succession programme." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses, transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange for almost a century, we operate across the UK, employing over 350 people and focusing on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. The group comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes and Banner Plant. Hallam Land manages one of the UK's largest strategic land portfolios which has the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD has a £1.4bn development pipeline across our key markets and owns a c.£120 million property investment portfolio focused on industrial and logistics. Stonebridge Homes, our majority owned housebuilder, delivers premium homes across Yorkshire, the North East and the North Midlands. Banner Plant supplies construction equipment and services through a network of depots across the East Midlands and Yorkshire. www.henryboot.co.uk Enquiries Henry Boot PLC Ed Hutchinson, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Peel Hunt LLP Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Asha Chotai /Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and