BETA Close X On October 29, 2025, a PDMR of Henry Boot PLC, Nicholas Joseph Duckworth, sold 66 ordinary shares at £2.23 per share, for a total value of £147.18. The transaction occurred on the London Stock Exchange. Subsequently, on October 30, 2025, the same PDMR sold 21,407 ordinary shares at £2.20 per share, with the aggregate transaction amounting to £47,095.40. This second sale also took place on the London Stock Exchange. Both transactions involved Henry Boot PLC ordinary shares of 10p each. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 30 October 2025 HENRY BOOT PLC Notification of Transactions of Directors, Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and persons closely associated with them The information contained in this notification is disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Nicholas Joseph Duckworth 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR of the Company b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Henry Boot PLC b) LEI 213800H5873O9TC3XT22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Henry Boot PLC Ordinary shares of 10p each Identification code GB0001110096 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Ordinary shares. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.23 66 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 66 - Price £147.18 e) Date of the transaction 29 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - XLON:LSE 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Henry Boot PLC Ordinary shares of 10p each Identification code GB0001110096 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Ordinary shares. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.20 21,407 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 21,407 - Price £47,095.40 e) Date of the transaction 30 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - XLON:LSE This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and