BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC announces a change in its Remuneration Committee Chair, with Earl Sibley succeeding Serena Lang following the Annual General Meeting on May 21, 2026. Serena Lang will continue in her roles as Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Responsible Business Committee, while remaining a member of other key committees. Earl Sibley has been a member of the Remuneration Committee since April 1, 2025, ensuring a smooth transition in line with corporate governance codes. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 01 May 2026 HENRY BOOT PLC ('the Company') Change of Remuneration Committee Chair In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6, the Company announces that Earl Sibley will succeed Serena Lang as the Remuneration Committee ('the Committee') Chair following the conclusion of the AGM on 21 May 2026. Serena Lang will remain as the Company's Senior Independent Director, Chair of the Responsible Business Committee and member of the Audit and Risk, Nomination and Remuneration Committees. In line with the UK Corporate Governance Code, Earl has served on the Committee for more than twelve months (since 1 April 2025) before becoming Chair. Enquiries: Henry Boot PLC Jaimie Read, Company Secretary Tel: 0114 255 5444 www.henryboot.co.uk Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. : 213800H5873O9TC3XT22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and