BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC announced the appointment of Hamer Boot as the new permanent Managing Director for its development division, HBD. Hamer Boot, who joined HBD in 2013 and has served as Executive Director - Investment and Funding for the past six years, will now permanently join the Executive and Investment Committees. This appointment is expected to leverage his extensive experience to unlock the value of HBD's £1.4 billion development pipeline. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 21 May 2026 21 May 2026 HENRY BOOT PLC Managing Director appointment at HBD Henry Boot, a company engaged in land promotion, property investment and development, and home building, today announces that Hamer Boot has been appointed as the new permanent Managing Director for HBD, the group's development division. Hamer has over 20 years' experience in real estate and finance and joined HBD in 2013 from CBRE, the leading global commercial real estate advisory firm. Since then, he has held various roles within the business, with the last six years as Executive Director - Investment and Funding. In December 2025 Hamer assumed day-to-day responsibility for leading HBD's Strategic Board, as part of a series of organisational changes to support future growth at Henry Boot. Reporting directly to Tim Roberts, and representing HBD at ExCo and Investment Committee, Hamer will now become a permanent member of both committees. Hamer started his career at JP Morgan Chase, the world's largest investment bank, and holds an MA in Management Studies from the University of Cambridge, as well as an MSc in Real Estate Investment and Finance from the University of Reading. CEO of Henry Boot, Tim Roberts said: "Hamer has made a significant contribution to the success of HBD over a long period of time and has shown strong leadership qualities since assuming the day-to-day running of the business last December. His experience and strong track record from both within and outside of the group give me together with the Board every confidence that he is exceptionally well placed to lead HBD on a permanent basis and to unlock the value from its £1.4 billion development pipeline in the coming years. I am therefore very pleased to share the news of Hamer's promotion with you all today." Hamer Boot commented: "I am delighted to be taking this next step with HBD. I have seen the business continue to grow, delivering exceptional projects across the UK and am proud to be the leader of a business committed to creating impactful and sustainable places." ENDS Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange for nearly 100 years, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group, which comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes and Banner Plant. We have developed a responsible business strategy to help us meet our aim of being net zero carbon by 2030. Operating across the UK, and employing over 400 people, we focus on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. Hallam Land has facilitated 52,000 new homes since 1990, managing one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.4 billion, the equivalent of 7 million sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a c.£120million investment portfolio. Stonebridge Homes, our jointly-owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 1,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. For 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the north of England. From land promotion and property development investment to home building and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland/Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Olli Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and