BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC announced the completion of the sale of a site in Queniborough, Leicestershire, with planning permission for 160 residential units to HarperCrewe. The sale, executed through its Hallam Land division, generated an ungeared internal rate of return of 33% per annum. The approved development includes 30% affordable homes and over 12 acres of green infrastructure. This sale contributes to Hallam Land's progress toward achieving its annual sales target and is expected to positively impact the group's 2025 financial performance. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 23 October 2025 Henry Boot completes sale of 160 residential plots to HarperCrewe Henry Boot announces that its land promotion and planning business, Hallam Land, has completed the sale of a site with planning for 160 residential units in Queniborough, Leicestershire, to house builder HarperCrewe. The sale resulted in an ungeared internal rate of return of 33% p.a. It represents further progress in Hallam Land achieving its annual sales target, and will contribute towards the group's 2025 financial performance. In 2016, Hallam Land entered into a planning promotion agreement with the landowners. The site, which is located eight miles north east of Leicester was included in the Charnwood Borough Council Local Plan, and in July 2023, Hallam Land submitted a planning application in line with the draft allocation. The application was successfully approved in December 2024. In addition to the 160 homes, of which 30% will be affordable, the consent will deliver over 12 acres of green infrastructure, incorporating allotments, improved habitats to meet Biodiversity Net Gain and recreational and play space for new residents. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented: " Hallam Land continues to benefit from the improved planning environment and sustained strong demand from UK housebuilders for land in prime locations. The sale to HarperCrewe represents another successful milestone for Hallam Land, keeping the business firmly on track to meet its annual sales target and deliver a strong contribution to the group's 2025 financial performance." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development, home building and construction businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group - which comprises, Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge, Henry Boot Construction, Banner Plant and Road Link. Operating across the UK, and employing over 500 people, we focus on three key markets: urban development, industrial and logistics and residential. Hallam Land manages one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 105,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.3bn, the equivalent of 8.3m sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a £96m investment portfolio, of which 90% of the properties have an EPC rating of 'C' or higher. Stonebridge, our jointly owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering c.2,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. Henry Boot Construction has extensive experience in both the public and private sectors, including major projects such as the £200m regeneration of Barnsley town centre, and The Cocoa Works, a £57m residential development in York. For over 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the North of England. We have also developed an ambitious Responsible Business Strategy to help us meet our aim of being Net Zero Carbon by 2030, and to deliver, by 2025, charitable, community and education work valued at £1m. From land promotion, property development and investment to home building, construction and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Pete Mackie 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and