BETA Close X Henry Boot's property investment arm, HBD, has secured new lettings totalling 404,100 sq ft across its Origin joint venture, bringing the total portfolio space let or under offer to 66% of 711,000 sq ft. Significant deals include Relay Tech leasing 250,000 sq ft at SPARK, Walsall, and Virgin Wines taking 82,000 sq ft at APTUS in Preston. Additionally, a 53,800 sq ft industrial and logistics unit at Markham Vale has been pre-let to a manufacturing business. These lettings have set new headline rents in their respective locations, bolstering confidence in the portfolio's income and capital growth potential. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 19 August 2026 Henry Boot's Origin JV secures 404,100 sq ft of new lettings - 66% of Origin's total 711,000 sq ft of space now let or under offer - Henry Boot announces that HBD, the group's property investment and development arm, has let a further 404,100 sq ft of industrial and logistics (I&L) space across Origin, its joint venture with Feldberg Capital. Following the lettings, 66% of Origin's 711,000 sq ft current total portfolio is let (59%) or under offer (7%). At SPARK, Walsall, two units have been let at the 13-acre, £53m GDV development, located just off the M6. Relay Tech, a UK logistics business , has taken a 250,000 sq ft unit to support the enhancement of its delivery network, while one of the UK's largest energy suppliers, has leased a 18,300 sq ft unit as it expands its engineering and infrastructure hubs. Following these lettings, phase one of SPARK is now fully let. Virgin Wines, one of the UK's leading online wine retailers, has taken 82,000 sq ft across two units at APTUS, the £100m I&L scheme in Preston, Lancashire, which is only 1.5 miles from junction 31A of the M6. Having been based in Preston for more than 20 years and employing a significant local workforce, Virgin Wines will relocate to modern, high-specification space. The space forms part of phase two of APTUS (£20m GDV), which is scheduled to complete this November. At Markham Vale, Derbyshire, a 53,800 sq ft I&L unit within ARK phase two (£9m GDV ) has been pre-let to a manufacturing business . The new unit, which completes in September 2026, will enable the occupier to consolidate its operations in a workspace with direct access to the M1 . Ed Hutchinson, CEO at Henry Boot, commented : "Securing these significant lettings reflects both the quality of the Origin portfolio and the depth of occupier demand for modern, sustainable industrial and logistics space in well-connected locations. Each deal has set new headline rents in its respective location and further supports our confidence in the portfolio's income and capital growth potential, as we continue to deliver projects aligned with the needs of leading occupiers." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange for nearly 100 years, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group, which comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes and Banner Plant. We have developed a responsible business strategy to help us meet our aim of being net zero carbon by 2030. Operating across the UK, and employing over 400 people, we focus on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. Hallam Land has facilitated 52,000 new homes since 1990, managing one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.4 billion, the equivalent of 7 million sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a c.£120 million investment portfolio. Stonebridge Homes, our jointly owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 1,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. For 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the north of England. From land promotion and property development investment to home building and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. www.henryboot.co.uk Enquiries Henry Boot PLC Ed Hutchinson, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Peel Hunt LLP Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Asha Chotai /Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and