Sale of Henry Boot Construction Boot(Henry) PLC 23 September 2025 Henry Boot strengthens strategic focus with sale of Henry Boot Construction Sale via MBO simplifies the group's structure and reduces risk profile Henry Boot announces that it has agreed to sell the entire issued share capital of Henry Boot Construction ('HBC') to PWS Construction Limited ('PWS') (the 'Transaction'), a company newly formed by the HBC management team, for an initial consideration of £4.0m, which is being funded by PWS via a vendor loan note issued by Henry Boot. The Transaction also provides for additional payments to the group in the future based on certain performance criteria. This Transaction allows the group to focus on its strategic priority areas of high quality land, prime property development and premium homes. HBC is not part of the group's medium term growth strategy and has made only a small contribution to group profits. Therefore, the group believes that its prospects for long term growth will be enhanced by a portfolio of activities concentrated on high quality projects with greater synergies. The Transaction will also simplify the group's structure and investment case. Having considered a variety of options for HBC, including both alternative exit routes and retaining the division within the group, the Board has concluded that the interests of shareholders will be best served by disposing of HBC to PWS at a price in excess of its net assets. The disposal will reduce the risk profile of the group and reduce group headcount by around 21%. During the year ended 31 December 2024, HBC generated £49.7m of revenue with an operating loss of £2.7m in the consolidated financial statements of the group. Following the significant restructuring undertaken, including the appointment of the new management team, and with 94% of this year's order book secured, it is expected the business should break even for FY 25. Under PWS ownership, the business will be known as HBC Construction Group. The Transaction will offer HBC management greater autonomy to diversify and expand the order book as well as enhance HBC's position in the construction market, than would be possible if the business remained within the group. The term of the vendor loan note from Henry Boot to PWS is five years and will carry interest at 2.1% over the Bank of England base rate. The group will continue to provide support to HBC in the short term under a transitional services agreement, with operational oversight from two Henry Boot representatives on the HBC board until the point when the vendor loan note has been repaid. Personal guarantees have been given by the HBC management team, with appropriate restrictions on remuneration in line with group policy. Additional consideration is potentially payable to the group in the event that PWS sells all or a material part of HBC within eight years of completion. There is also an overage provision providing a profit share to the group should HBC achieve a net margin in excess of 3.0% over the next five years. The initial carrying amount of the vendor loan note is anticipated to be less than £4.0m, in line with our accounting policies regarding the uncertainty of future cash flows. The excess of the vendor loan note carrying value above the net assets being disposed of will be reflected as a profit on disposal. The transaction is expected to complete around YE 25. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented: "The sale of HBC which we are announcing today allows Henry Boot to further its strategic focus on high quality land, prime property development and premium homes. It also enhances prospects for long term growth with a more focussed portfolio of activities with greater synergies. While HBC's contribution to the group is relatively small, it is a well established business with a strong track record of delivery and an excellent management team and we wish them well for the future. " Certain information contained in this announcement would have constituted inside information (as defined by Article 7 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014), as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) ("MAR") prior to its release as part of this announcement and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of those Regulations ENDS Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development, home building and construction businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group - which comprises, Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge, Henry Boot Construction, Banner Plant and Road Link. Operating across the UK, and employing over 500 people, we focus on three key markets: urban development, industrial and logistics and residential. Hallam Land manages one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.2bn, the equivalent of 6m sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a £107m investment portfolio, of which 72% of the properties have an EPC rating of 'C' or higher. Stonebridge, our jointly owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 1,700 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. Henry Boot Construction has extensive experience in both the public and private sectors, including major projects such as the £200m regeneration of Barnsley town centre, and The Cocoa Works, a £57m residential development in York. For over 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the North of England. We have also developed an ambitious Responsible Business Strategy to help us meet our aim of being Net Zero Carbon by 2030, and to deliver, by 2025, charitable, community and education work valued at £1m. From land promotion, property development and investment to home building, construction and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Pete Mackie 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and