BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC's land promotion business, Hallam Land, has successfully completed the sale of a 105-acre site in Biggleswade, Bedfordshire, to Persimmon, which has planning permission for 416 residential units. This transaction generated an ungeared internal rate of return of 16.9% per annum and is expected to contribute positively to the group's 2026 financial performance, with the site also set to deliver affordable housing and community benefits. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 08 June 2026 Henry Boot completes sale of 416 residential plots in Bedfordshire Henry Boot announces that its land promotion and planning business, Hallam Land, has completed the sale of a site in Biggleswade, Bedfordshire, with planning permission for 416 residential units, to national home builder Persimmon. The sale generated an ungeared internal rate of return of 16.9% per annum and represents further progress towards Hallam Land's annual sales target and will contribute to the group's 2026 financial performance. In 2017, Hallam Land entered into a planning promotion agreement with the landowners for the 105 acre site, which is located on the northern edge of Biggleswade and is less than one mile from the A1. In 2018, Central Bedfordshire Council submitted its draft Local Plan, including allocating 43 acres of the site, which was adopted in July 2021. During the process, Hallam Land submitted an outline planning application that was refused in September 2023 due to highways and access concerns but later allowed on appeal in November 2024. While the appeal was ongoing, a revised application was made incorporating an alternative site access on additional land. This application, the subject of the sale, was approved in November 2025. In addition to delivering new homes, including up to 125 affordable units, the wider site will provide significant community benefits, including substantial s106 contributions and new areas of public open space. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented : "This transaction is another strong example of Hallam Land's ability to both consistently unlock value through the promotion of well located strategic land and subsequently realise that value for shareholders through sales to housebuilders. As a result of the sale, much needed new homes, including affordable housing, will be delivered alongside meaningful benefits for the local community". Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange for nearly 100 years, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group, which comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes and Banner Plant. We have developed a responsible business strategy to help us meet our aim of being net zero carbon by 2030. Operating across the UK, and employing over 400 people, we focus on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. Hallam Land has facilitated 52,000 new homes since 1990, managing one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.4 billion, the equivalent of 7 million sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a c.£120 million investment portfolio. Stonebridge Homes, our jointly-owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 1,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. For 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the north of England. From land promotion and property development investment to home building and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. www.henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and