BETA Close X Northcoders Group PLC announced that it has secured a new B2C training contract worth £0.25 million under the Skills Bootcamps for Londoners Programme. This contract will fund 31 bootcamp seats in Software Development with AI. The contract will support individuals in developing advanced digital and technical skills. This contract will also underpin the launch of Counter, the Group's B2B consultancy division, into the London market by creating a pool of Counter Consultants. The company has begun searching for a commercial leader to oversee Counter's launch and growth in the region. Disclaimer* Northcoders Group PLC 13 October 2025 This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended ("MAR"). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 13 October 2025 Northcoders Group plc ('Northcoders' or the 'Company') B2C Skills Bootcamp Contract Northcoders (AIM:CODE), a UK market leading technology training business, is pleased to announce that the Company has won a new B2C training contract under the Skills Bootcamps for Londoners Programme (Wave 6), managed by the Greater London Authority ('GLA'). The £0.25 million contract will fund 31 bootcamp seats, in Software Development with AI, supporting individuals to develop advanced digital and technical skills to help address the growing demand for technology talent in London. The sizeable contract reflects Northcoders' reputation as a leading technology trainer in the UK. As previously announced, following the new Government's decision to move from national to regional funding, the Board took the decision to only utilise Government funded training bootcamps when it supports the expansion of Counter®, the Group's B2B consultancy division, through the provision of skilled technologists post-graduation. The GLA contract will directly underpin Counter's launch into the London market by creating a high-calibre pool of Counter Consultants aligned to its growth needs. In preparation for this next phase, Northcoders has commenced a search for an experienced commercial leader to oversee Counter's launch and growth in the region. The market opportunity is significant and the Company is confident that its strong proposition, supported by competitive and transparent pricing that enables it to challenge both nearshore and offshore alternatives, while delivering higher quality and greater client value. Chris Hill, CEO of Northcoders, commented: "We are delighted to secure our first GLA contract and begin our partnership with the Skills Bootcamps for Londoners Programme. As we outlined in our recent results announcement, our strategy is to be highly selective in the training contracts we deliver, ensuring they act as a direct engine for our B2B consultancy division's growth. AI and digital transformation are rapidly reshaping the workforce driving corporate demand for senior technologists and London will be at the heart of this change. "This award reflects both the reputation we have built for delivery excellence and the trust of government stakeholders in our capability. It also provides a launch platform for Counter® in London, supported by a strong new talent pool and the appointment of a new commercial lead. We are excited to take Counter to market in London with a differentiated and scalable proposition that can compete strongly with both nearshore and offshore models." - Ends - For further enquiries: Northcoders Group plc Via Burson Buchanan Chris Hill, CEO Tel: +44 (0) 20 7466 5000 Charlotte Prior, CFO investors.northcodersgroup.com Zeus (Nominated Adviser & Joint Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 3829 5000 Mike Coe / Darshan Patel (Investment Banking) Fraser Marshall (Sales) Peterhouse Capital Limited (Joint Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7496 0930 Martin Lampshire www.peterhousecap.com Lucy Williams Duncan Vasey Burson Buchanan (Financial Communications) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7466 5000 Henry Harrison-Topham northcoders@buchanan.uk.com Steph Whitmore Jesse McNab www.bursonbuchanan.com Notes to Editors Northcoders is a market leading provider of technology training for businesses and individuals with courses in, Software Engineering, Data Engineering and Platform Engineering. Founded in 2015, the Group's business model operates a hybrid structure with a flagship site in Manchester and other sites in Leeds and London, supported by a proven digital offering to support its students across the UK. Powered by IP rich technology, Northcoders offers boot camp courses to individuals from a range of backgrounds, delivered through virtual and physical learning. The Group also works with blue chip corporates across multiple sectors to help them to achieve their digital requirements, with teams as a service and to supply innovative solutions for the upskilling and reskilling of employees. With a keen focus of inclusivity, diversity and quality at its core, Northcoders aims to address the digital skills gap in the UK to meet the increasing demand for digital specialists at all levels, from businesses and public agencies. Northcoders was admitted to trading on AIM in July 2021 with the ticker CODE.L. For additional information please visit investors.northcodersgroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Northcoders Group (CODE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and