BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC has announced the admission of 40,239 ordinary shares to the London Stock Exchange Main Market, issued between July 1 and July 31, 2026, under its 2020 Sharesave and Company Share Option Plans. Following this issuance, the total number of ordinary shares in issue is now 134,596,896, with a corresponding total of 134,596,896 voting rights. This updated figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to determine their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 03 August 2026 HENRY BOOT PLC ('the Company') Shares Admitted to Trading and Total Voting Rights In accordance with PRM 1.6.4R, the Company announces that it has issued and allotted 40,239 ordinary shares in connection with the Henry Boot PLC 2020 Sharesave Plan and the Henry Boot PLC 2020 Company Share Option Plan to the London Stock Exchange Main Market. The shares were issued between 1 July 2026 and 31 July 2026. Following the issuance of shares and pursuant to DTR 5.6.1, the Company announces that the total number of ordinary shares in issue now stands at 134,596,896 and the total number of voting rights in the Company is 134,596,896. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Enquiries: Henry Boot PLC Jaimie Read, Company Secretary Tel: 0114 255 5444 www.henryboot.co.uk Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. : 213800H5873O9TC3XT22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and