BETA Close X Jonathan James Sykes, a Non-executive Director of Henry Boot PLC, sold 150,000 non-beneficial ordinary shares at 221 pence per share on 10 November 2025, resulting in an aggregate transaction value of £331,500. Following this sale, Mr. Sykes's total shareholding in the company comprises 20,000 beneficial ordinary shares and 19,992,155 non-beneficial ordinary shares, alongside 6,843 non-beneficial preference shares. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 12 November 2025 HENRY BOOT PLC Notification of Transactions of Directors, Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and persons closely associated with them The Company has been advised by Jonathan James Sykes, a Non-executive Director, that on 10 November 2025, 150,000 non-beneficial Ordinary Shares of 10 pence each ('Ordinary Shares') in the issued share capital of the Company were sold at a price of 221 pence per share. As a result of the above transaction, the total beneficial and non-beneficial interests of Jonathan James Sykes in the Ordinary Shares and £1 Cumulative Preference Shares ('Preference Shares') of the Company are now as follows: No. of Ordinary Shares Beneficial interest: 20,000 Non-beneficial interest: 19,992,155 Total shareholding: 20,012,155 No. of Preference Shares Beneficial interest: Nil Non-beneficial interest: 6,843 Total shareholding: 6,843 Mr Sykes's non-beneficial interests in the above Ordinary Shares and Preference Shares are held in his capacity as a registered joint shareholder with Rysaffe Nominees and with Mr PJM Scott and with various members of the Reis family and as a trustee of various Reis family trusts. The information contained in this notification is disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Jonathan James Sykes 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Henry Boot PLC b) LEI 213800H5873O9TC3XT22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Henry Boot PLC Ordinary shares of 10p each Identification code GB0001110096 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Ordinary shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.21 150,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 150,000 - Price £331,500 e) Date of the transaction 10 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - XLON:LSE This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and