BETA Close X Henry Boot PLC announced the completion of sales for 329 residential plots across two transactions, contributing to Hallam Land's 3,591 plot sales in 2025. A site in Selby, North Yorkshire, with planning for 156 homes, was sold to Barratt Redrow, yielding a 66% ungeared internal rate of return for Henry Boot. Additionally, 173 plots in Haverhill, Suffolk, were sold to Bloor Homes, resulting in a 45% ungeared internal rate of return. These sales demonstrate continued demand for consented land and contribute positively to the group's financial performance. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 09 December 2025 Henry Boot completes sale of 329 residential plots to Barratt Redrow & Bloor Homes Limited Henry Boot announces today that Hallam Land, the group's land promotion and planning business, has completed the sale of a total of 329 residential plots across two separate transactions in Selby, North Yorkshire and Haverhill, Suffolk. Hallam Land has now completed 3,591 plot sales in 2025, reflecting resilient demand for its prime deliverable sites and contributing to the group's financial targets. The first transaction comprises the sale of a site with planning permission for 156 homes in Hambleton, three miles west of Selby, North Yorkshire, to the housebuilder Barratt Redrow. The sale resulted in an ungeared internal rate of return for Henry Boot of 66% per annum. Hallam Land reached an agreement with the landowners to promote the site in January 2022 and later submitted an outline planning application. North Yorkshire Council failed to make a decision on the application, which led Hallam Land to appeal in July 2024 based on non-determination. The appeal was successful, resulting in the outline approval for 156 homes in January 2025. The planning consent for the site includes 10% affordable housing, as well as new landscaping, habitat creation, and public open space. The Biodiversity Net Gain calculation forecasts a 19.5% net gain in habitat units, including a 19.5% net gain in hedgerow units. Hallam Land has also separately completed the sale of 173 residential plots in Haverhill, Suffolk, to housebuilder Bloor Homes Limited, which resulted in an ungeared internal rate of return of 45% per annum. In 2014, Hallam Land agreed a promotion agreement for the site before submitting an outline planning application in 2015, successfully securing planning consent in 2018 for a total of 2,500 homes (Hallam Land's share: 1,250), 30% of which are affordable. The consent also includes two primary schools, two local centres, an extra care facility, open space and a Country Park. This is the second sale at the site, following the disposal of 450 plots to Redrow in 2018. Following this disposal, Hallam Land retains 627 plots for future sale. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented: " Hallam Land's strength lies in its ability to create value by securing planning consent for complex sites that might otherwise be difficult to unlock for new homes. These transactions take the total plot sales for the year to 3,591, and demonstrates that housebuilders remain keen to acquire well located, consented land. It gives us reason for optimism as we look ahead to 2026." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development, home building and construction businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group - which comprises, Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge, Henry Boot Construction, Banner Plant and Road Link. Operating across the UK, and employing over 500 people, we focus on three key markets: urban development, industrial and logistics and residential. Hallam Land manages one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 105,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.3bn, the equivalent of 8.3m sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a £96m investment portfolio, of which 90% of the properties have an EPC rating of 'C' or higher. Stonebridge, our jointly owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering c.2,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. Henry Boot Construction has extensive experience in both the public and private sectors, including major projects such as the £200m regeneration of Barnsley town centre, and The Cocoa Works, a £57m residential development in York. For over 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the North of England. We have also developed an ambitious Responsible Business Strategy to help us meet our aim of being Net Zero Carbon by 2030, and to deliver, by 2025, charitable, community and education work valued at £1m. From land promotion, property development and investment to home building, construction and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and