BETA Close X Henry Boot's land promotion business, Hallam Land, has successfully completed the sale of 366 residential plots in Swindon to Vistry, achieving an ungeared internal rate of return of 9.2% per annum and exceeding its 2025 annual sales target with a record 3,957 plot sales. This transaction, which saw the second phase of 367 plots complete in December 2025, follows an earlier exchange of contracts for 760 plots with Vistry in January 2024, with Hallam Land retaining 304 plots for future sale. The wider development will also include significant community benefits such as retail, leisure, business space, and educational facilities. Disclaimer* Boot(Henry) PLC 07 January 2026 Henry Boot completes sale of 366 residential plots to Vistry Henry Boot announces that its land promotion and planning business, Hallam Land, has completed the sale of a freehold site in Swindon, with planning permission for 366 residential units, to national home builder Vistry. The disposal, which completed on 23 December 2025, delivered an ungeared internal rate of return of 9.2% p.a. Following this transaction, Hallam Land has exceeded its 2025 annual sales target, achieving a record 3,957 plot sales during the year. The volume of sales reflects the continued strong demand for Hallam Land's prime consented sites. Hallam Land and Taylor Wimpey secured an option to purchase a 320-acre site in South Marston, on the eastern edge of Swindon. Working alongside Taylor Wimpey and Hannick Homes, the land was promoted through the planning process as part of a wider strategic site. In August 2021, outline planning consent was granted for a total of 2,380 residential units, of which 1,064 relate to Hallam Land's site. In January 2024, Hallam Land completed the purchase of the site and simultaneously exchanged contracts to sell 760 plots to Vistry. The first phase, comprising of 393 plots, was completed in January 2024, while the second phase, comprising 367 plots, completed in December 2025. Hallam Land retains 304 plots for future sale. In addition to delivering new homes, including over 500 affordable units, the wider site will provide significant community benefits. These include retail, leisure and business space, a new primary school and an extension to an existing school, as well as community and sports facilities, extensive woodland planting, green infrastructure and children's play areas. Tim Roberts, CEO at Henry Boot, commented: "With this transaction, Hallam Land has exceeded its annual sales target in 2025, supported by continued interest from housebuilders for well-located land with planning consent. Building on this momentum, we are encouraged by the Planning and Infrastructure Bill receiving Royal Ascent in December 2025, and we welcome measures aimed at reducing delays in the planning system. Reform of planning is crucial for the UK's economy and productivity. It will also accelerate the pace at which Hallam Land can unlock prime sites for the delivery of new homes that the country needs." Notes to editors Henry Boot is one of the UK's leading land, property development and home building businesses - and we've been transforming land and spaces since 1886. Listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1919, we're renowned for quality, expertise, delivery and a partnership approach across the group - which comprises Hallam Land, HBD, Stonebridge Homes, Banner Plant and Road Link. Operating across the UK, and employing over 400 people, we focus on three key markets: residential, industrial and logistics, and urban development. Hallam Land has facilitated 52,000 new homes since 1990, managing one of the top five largest land portfolios in the country, with the potential to facilitate over 100,000 homes. HBD manages a development pipeline of £1.3billion, the equivalent of 7 million sq ft of developments across our key markets, while maintaining a c.£113million investment portfolio, of which 73% of the properties have an EPC rating of 'C' or higher. Stonebridge Homes, our jointly-owned home building business, manages a land portfolio capable of delivering 1,500 homes, with an ambition to deliver up to 600 new homes a year. For 65 years, Banner Plant has supplied construction products and services, operating from seven regional depots in the north of England. We have also developed an ambitious responsible business strategy to help us meet our aim of being net zero carbon by 2030, and to deliver, by 2025, charitable, community and education work valued at £1million. From land promotion and property development investment to home-building and plant hire, Henry Boot is where great places start. henryboot.co.uk Enquiries FTI Consulting Richard Sunderland / Giles Barrie 07894 797067 / 07798 926814 henryboot@fticonsulting.com Henry Boot PLC Tim Roberts, Chief Executive Officer Darren Littlewood, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Boot, Senior Corporate Communications Manager 07825 088807 dboot@henryboot.co.uk henryboot.co.uk Deutsche Numis Joint Corporate Broker Oliver Hardy 0207 260 1000 Peel Hunt LLP Joint Corporate Broker Ed Allsopp / Tom Graham 0207 418 8900 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Henry Boot (BOOT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and