Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 54 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 56 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 95 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 95 Item 9B. Other Information 96 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 96 PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 97 Item 11. Executive Compensation 97 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 97 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 97 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 97 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 98 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 108 Signatures 111 Cautionary Language Regarding Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("2024 Form 10-K") contains statements that are based on our management's expectations as of the filing date of this report with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Statements that are not historical facts are hereby identified as statements. In addition, words such as "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend," "believe," "expect," "likely," "predicted," "positioned," "continue," "target," "seek," "focus" and any variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify statements. Examples of statements include our full year 2025 outlook and plans, projections, expectations and estimates regarding (1) our strategy, the value of our business model and the demand for our communications infrastructure, (2) the growth potential of the U.S. market for shared communications infrastructure, (3) growth in the communications infrastructure industry, (4) demand for data and factors driving such demand, (5) the duration of our construction projects, (6) tenants' investment in wireless networks, (7) use of applications, (8) our ability to service our debt and comply with debt covenants, (9) the level of commitment under our debt instruments, (10) our ability to remain qualified as a real estate investment trust ("REIT"), (11) site rental revenues, including the growth thereof, (12) sources and uses of liquidity, (13) impact from the Sprint cancellations (as defined below), (14) drivers of cash flow growth, (15) our competitive advantage, (16) our dividend policy and the timing, amount (including any increase or decrease), payment or tax characterization of our dividends, (17) discretionary and sustaining capital expenditures and expansion of our business, (18) impact of elevated interest 2 rates, (19) the growth in our business and its driving factors, (20) our ESG (as defined below) goals, including carbon neutrality, (21) , (22) restructuring activities and the cost reductions, charges, payments, scope, actions and savings associated therewith, including timing, amounts, and impact, (23) Fiber strategic review, (24) impacts of small cell node cancellations, (25) small cell nodes backlog and deployment, including timing of small cell deployments, (26) actions by activist stockholders and the impact therefrom, (27) the impacts to our business and results stemming from the changes to our strategy and operating plans as a result of the Fiber operating review, including with respect to Fiber capital investments, revenues and cash flows, (28) the valuation of the Fiber segment in connection with the goodwill impairment charge, (29) the Strategic Fiber Agreement and Strategic Fiber Transaction (each as defined below) and pending sale of our Fiber Business (as defined below), including the timing, completion and scope thereof, the potential impacts on our business and results, and the activities and loss associated therewith, (30) the impacts stemming from changes to our capital allocation framework, including an anticipated decrease of our dividend, and (31) maintenance of an investment grade credit profile. Whether dividends are to be declared and the amount and timing thereof remain subject to the discretion of our board of directors. Such statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including prevailing market conditions, risk factors described under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" herein and other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. Our filings with the SEC are available through the SEC website at www.sec.gov or through our investor relations website at investor.crowncastle.com. We use our investor relations website to disclose information about us that may be deemed to be material. We encourage investors, the media and others interested in us to visit our investor relations website from time to time to review information or to sign up for e-mail alerts to be notified when new or updated information is posted on the site. Interpretation As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof, means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. Unless this 2024 Form 10-K indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms, "we," "our," "our company," "the company" or "us" as used in this 2024 Form 10-K refer to Crown Castle Inc. and its predecessor (organized in 1995), as applicable, each a Delaware corporation (together, "CCI"), and their subsidiaries. Additionally, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to "U.S." are to the United States of America and Puerto Rico, collectively. 3 PART I Item 1. Business Overview We own, operate and lease shared communications infrastructure that is geographically dispersed throughout the U.S., including (1) more than 40,000 towers and other structures, such as rooftops (collectively, "towers"), (2) approximately 105,000 small cell nodes either currently generating revenue or under contract and (3) approximately 90,000 route miles of fiber primarily supporting small cells and fiber solutions. We refer to our towers, small cells and fiber assets collectively as "communications infrastructure," and, at times, to our customers on our communications infrastructure as "tenants." Our operating segments consist of (1) Towers and (2) Fiber, which includes both small cells and fiber solutions. On March 13, 2025, management signed a definitive agreement ("Strategic Fiber Agreement") to sell our Fiber segment, together with certain supporting assets and personnel ("Fiber Business"), with Zayo Group Holdings Inc. ("Zayo") acquiring the fiber solutions business and EQT Active Core Infrastructure fund ("EQT") acquiring the small cell business ("Strategic Fiber Transaction"). Under the agreement, we will receive $8.5 billion in aggregate, subject to certain closing adjustments. The Strategic Fiber Transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2026, subject to certain closing conditions and regulatory approvals. The Fiber Business did not meet the criteria for assets held for sale as of December 31, 2024, and therefore remains presented as a component of continuing operations. As a result, this document, unless otherwise noted, does not contemplate the planned sale of the Fiber Business. Following the announcement of the Strategic Fiber Transaction and beginning with the Company's filing of Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, the Fiber Business will be presented as a discontinued operation, and its net assets will be classified as held for sale and comparable prior periods will be recast to reflect this change. Upon classification as held for sale, we expect to recognize a loss of between $700 and $800 million, inclusive of estimated transaction fees. Our core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to our shared communications infrastructure via contracts in various forms, including lease, license, sublease and service agreements (collectively, "tenant contracts"). We seek to increase our site rental revenues by adding more tenants on our shared communications infrastructure, which we expect to result in significant incremental cash flows due to our low incremental operating costs. We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See "Item 1. Business—REIT Status" and notes 2 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements. Over nearly three decades, we have assembled a leading portfolio of towers predominately through acquisitions from large wireless carriers or their predecessors. More recently, we have extended our communications infrastructure presence by investing significantly in our Fiber segment. Through our product offerings of towers and small cells, we seek to provide a comprehensive solution to enable our wireless tenants to expand coverage and capacity for their wireless networks. Furthermore, within our Fiber segment, we seek to generate cash flow growth and stockholder return by deploying our fiber for both small cells' and fiber solutions' tenants. Approximately 56% and 71% of our towers are located in the 50 and 100 largest U.S. basic trading areas ("BTAs"), respectively. Our towers have a significant presence in each of the top 100 BTAs. We derive approximately 40% of our towers site rental gross margin from towers located on land that we own, including through fee interests and perpetual easements, and we derive approximately 60% of our towers site rental gross margin from towers located on land that we lease, sublease, manage or license. The contracts for the land under our towers have an average total remaining life of approximately 35 years (including all renewal terms exercisable at our option), weighted based on towers site rental gross margin. The majority of our small cells and fiber assets are located in major metropolitan areas, including a presence in most major U.S. markets. The vast majority of our fiber assets are located on public . Our largest tenants are T-Mobile, AT&T and Verizon Wireless, which collectively accounted for approximately of our 2024 consolidated site rental revenues. See note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our largest tenants. Site rental revenues represented 97% of our 2024 consolidated net revenues, of which 67% and 33% were from our Towers segment and Fiber segment, respectively. Within our Fiber segment, 66% and 34% of our 2024 site rental revenues related to fiber solutions and small cells, respectively. The vast majority of our site rental revenues are of a recurring nature and are derived from tenant contracts. See " Item 1. Business—The Company " for further information. As of December 31, 2024, exclusive of renewals exercisable at the tenants' option, our tenant contracts had a remaining life of approximately six years and represented $35.9 billion of expected future cash inflows. 4 As part of our effort to provide comprehensive communications infrastructure solutions, as an ancillary business, we also offer certain services primarily relating to our Towers segment, predominately consisting of site development services relating to existing or new tenant equipment installations, including: site acquisition, architectural and engineering, or zoning and permitting (collectively, "site development services"). See note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the July 2023 restructuring ("2023 Restructuring Plan"), which included discontinuing tenant equipment installations and subsequent augmentations (collectively, "installation services") as a Towers product offering and (2) the June 2024 restructuring plan ("2024 Restructuring Plan," and together with the 2023 Restructuring Plan, "Restructuring Plans"). Strategy As a leading provider of shared communications infrastructure in the U.S., our strategy is to create stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our existing portfolio of communications infrastructure, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash generated by operating activities to our common stockholders in the form of dividends and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and dividends per share. Our strategy is based, in part, on our belief that the U.S. is the most attractive market for shared communications infrastructure investment with the greatest growth potential. We measure our efforts to create " stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our results. The key elements of our strategy are to: • Grow cash flows from our existing communications infrastructure. We are focused on maximizing the recurring site rental cash flows generated from providing our tenants with access to our shared infrastructure assets, which we believe is the core driver of value for our stockholders. Tenant additions or modifications of existing tenant equipment (collectively, "tenant additions") enable our tenants to expand coverage and capacity in order to meet increasing demand for data while generating high incremental returns for our business. We believe our product offerings of towers and small cells through our shared communications infrastructure model provide a comprehensive, efficient and solution for our wireless tenants' growing networks. Additionally, we believe our ability to share our fiber assets across multiple tenants to both deploy small cells and offer fiber solutions allows us to generate cash flows and increase stockholder return. • Return cash generated by operating activities to common stockholders in the form of dividends . We believe that distributing a meaningful portion of our cash generated by operating activities appropriately provides common stockholders with increased certainty for a portion of expected stockholder value while still allowing us to retain sufficient flexibility to invest in our business and deliver growth. We believe this decision reflects the translation of the , contractual cash flows of our business into stable capital returns to common stockholders. • Invest capital efficiently to grow cash flows and dividends per share. In addition to adding tenants to existing communications infrastructure, we seek to invest our available capital, including the net cash generated by our operating activities and external financing sources, in a manner that will increase stockholder value on a basis. These investments include constructing and acquiring new communications infrastructure that we expect will generate future cash flow growth and attractive returns by adding tenants to those assets over time. Our historical investments have included the following (in no particular order): ◦ construction of towers, fiber and small cells; ◦ acquisitions of towers, fiber and small cells; ◦ acquisitions of land interests (which primarily relate to land assets under towers); ◦ improvements and structural enhancements to our existing communications infrastructure; ◦ purchases of shares of our common stock from time to time; and ◦ purchases, repayments or redemptions of our debt. Our strategy to create stockholder value is based on our belief that there will be considerable future demand for our communications infrastructure based on the location of our assets and the rapid and continuing growth in the demand for data. We believe that such demand for our communications infrastructure will continue, will result in growth of our cash flows due to tenant additions on our existing communications infrastructure, and will create other growth opportunities for us, such as demand for newly constructed or acquired communications infrastructure, as described above. Further, we seek to augment the value creation associated with growing our recurring site rental cash flows by offering certain ancillary site development services within our Towers segment. 5 REIT Status We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, we are generally entitled to a deduction for dividends that we pay and, therefore, are not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our net taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. We may be subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income or assets, including (1) taxes on any undistributed income, (2) taxes related to our taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs"), (3) franchise taxes, (4) property taxes and (5) transfer taxes. In addition, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"), to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. For taxable years beginning before 2026, qualified REIT dividends (within the meaning of Section 199A(e)(3) of the Code) constitute a part of a taxpayer's "qualified business income amount" and thus our U.S. stockholders may be eligible to take a qualified business income deduction in an amount equal to 20% of such dividends received from us. Without further legislative action, the 20% deduction applicable to qualified REIT dividends will expire on January 1, 2026. The vast majority of our assets and revenues are in the REIT. See notes 2 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, we have included in TRSs certain other assets and operations. Those TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes or to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located. Our foreign assets and operations (including our tower operations in Puerto Rico) most likely will be subject to foreign income taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located, regardless of whether or not they are included in a TRS. To remain qualified and be taxed as a REIT, we are generally required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, after the utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards "NOLs" (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) (see notes 2 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements). Our quarterly common stock dividend will delay the utilization of our NOLs and may cause certain of the NOLs to expire without utilization. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for risks associated with our REIT status. Industry Overview Consumer demand for data continues to grow due to increases in data consumption and increased penetration of devices. This increase in data consumption is driven by factors such as growth in (1) mobile entertainment (such as mobile video, mobile applications and social networking), (2) mobile internet usage (supporting web browsing and trends in telehealth, remote working, online learning and other remote communications), (3) applications or the "Internet of Things" (such as connected cars and wearables), and (4) the adoption of other applications (such as cloud services, artificial intelligence and video communications). As a result, consumer wireless devices are trending toward devices, including smartphones, laptops, tablets and other emerging and embedded devices, and U.S. wireless carriers are among the first carriers in the world to offer commercial 5th Generation ("5G") mobile cellular communications services to further support such growth. We expect the following factors to contribute to potential demand for our communications infrastructure: • consumers' growing wireless data consumption leading major wireless carriers to upgrade and enhance their networks through the efficient use of both towers and small cells, including in connection with 5G deployments, in an effort to improve network quality and capacity and customer retention or satisfaction; • prior and future potential spectrum auctioned, licensed or made available by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") enabling additional wireless carrier network development; • technologies and new uses for wireless communications may potentially result in new entrants or increased demand in the wireless industry, which may include companies involved in the continued evolution and deployment of the Internet of Things; • the continued adoption of applications, including artificial intelligence, could result in demand for , , network solutions; and • increased government initiatives to expand broadband infrastructure to support connectivity throughout the U.S. The Company Virtually all of our operations in both our Towers and Fiber operating segments are located in the U.S. For more information about our operating segments, see "Item 7. MD&A—Results of Operations" and note 14 to our consolidated financial statements. Our core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to our shared communications infrastructure via tenant contracts in the U.S. We believe our communications infrastructure is integral to our tenants' networks and organizations. See "Item 1. Business—Strategy." 6 Towers Segment. We believe towers are the most efficient and solution for providing coverage and capacity for wireless carrier network deployments. We acquired ownership interests or exclusive rights to the majority of our towers directly or indirectly from the largest U.S. wireless carriers (or their predecessors) through transactions consummated since 1999, including towers from (1) AT&T in 2013, (2) T-Mobile in 2012, (3) companies now part of T-Mobile in 2007, (4) companies now part of Verizon Wireless in 1999 and 2000 and (5) companies now part of AT&T in 1999 and 2000. We generally receive monthly rental payments and, in some cases, upfront payments, from our Towers tenants pursuant to tenant contracts with (1) initial contract terms generally between five to 15 years, (2) multiple renewal periods generally between five to 10 years each, exercisable at the option of the tenant, (3) limited termination rights for our tenants and (4) contractual escalations of the rental price. We strive to negotiate with our existing tenant base for longer contractual terms, which often contain fixed escalation rates. Our Towers tenant contracts, while amended and over time, have historically led to a relationship with tenants on our towers, resulting in a retention rate generally between 98% and 99% each year. In general, each renewable tenant contract automatically renews at the end of its term unless (1) the tenant provides prior notice of its intent not to renew or (2) the contract is amended or . See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for additional information regarding higher (which we define as the reduction in site rental revenues as a result of tenant churn, terminations and, in limited circumstances, reductions of existing lease rates) expected as a result of the T-Mobile and Sprint network consolidation. See note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for a tabular presentation of the minimum rental payments due to us by tenants pursuant to tenant contracts without consideration of tenant renewal options as of December 31, 2024. The average monthly rental payment from a new tenant added to towers can vary based on (1) aggregate tenant volume, (2) the location of the tower, or (3) the amount of tower and ground space leased to a tenant, which can be influenced by the quantity, size, and weight of the tenant's antenna installation or related equipment. When possible, we seek to receive rental payment increases in connection with tenant contract amendments, pursuant to which our tenants add antennas or other equipment to our towers or ground space on which they already have equipment pursuant to preexisting tenant contracts. Our Towers tenant contracts and pricing are not influenced by whether or not we perform the site development services. As of December 31, 2024, the average number of tenants (calculated as a unique license together with any related amendments thereto) per tower was approximately 2.4. Fiber Segment. Our Fiber segment consists of communications infrastructure offerings of small cells and fiber solutions. • Our small cells offload data traffic from towers and bolster our tenants' network capacity where data demand is the greatest and are typically attached to public infrastructure, including utility poles and street lights. • We offer fiber solutions to large wireless carriers and organizations with and demands. Our fiber solutions provide essential connectivity resources needed to create integrated networks and support organizations. Most of our fiber assets were acquired through transactions dating back to 2012, with the largest transactions occurring in 2017. Our fiber assets include those we acquired from LTS Group Holdings LLC, Inc., Wilcon Holdings LLC and FPL FiberNet Holdings, LLC and certain other subsidiaries of NextEra Energy in 2017, Quanta Fiber Networks, Inc. in 2015, and NextG Networks, Inc. in 2012. We generally receive monthly recurring payments and, in some cases, upfront payments, from our Fiber tenants pursuant to tenant contracts with initial terms that generally vary between one to 20 years. The average monthly rental payment from a new tenant can vary based on the amount or cost of (1) construction for initial and subsequent tenants, (2) fiber strand requirements and supply, (3) equipment at the site, (4) the market in the U.S. where the fiber is located and the competition thereof and (5) any upfront payment received. Additional Site Rental Information. For both our Towers and Fiber segments, we have existing master agreements with our largest tenants, including T-Mobile, AT&T and Verizon Wireless. Such agreements provide certain terms (including economic terms) that govern underlying contracts (entered into during the term of the master agreements) regarding the right to use our communications infrastructure by such tenants. Approximately 40% of our site rental costs of operations consists of Towers ground lease expenses, and the remainder primarily includes fiber access expenses (primarily leases of fiber assets and other access agreements to facilitate our communications infrastructure), repairs and maintenance, employee compensation or related benefit costs, property taxes, and utilities. Assuming current leasing activity levels, our cash operating expenses generally tend to escalate at approximately the rate of inflation. We seek to add tenants to our existing communications infrastructure at a low incremental operating cost, 7 delivering high incremental returns to our business. Once constructed, our communications infrastructure requires minimal sustaining capital expenditures, including maintenance or other capital expenditures, which are typically between 1% and 2% of net revenues. See note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for a tabular presentation of the rental payments we owe to landlords pursuant to our operating lease agreements. Services. As part of our effort to provide comprehensive communications infrastructure solutions, as an ancillary business, we also offer certain services primarily relating to site development services in our Towers segment. See note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the July 2023 restructuring plan, which included discontinuing installation services as a Towers product offering. In 2024, our services and other revenues primarily related to site development services. We seek to grow our services revenues by capitalizing on (1) increased leasing volumes that may result from carrier network upgrades, (2) promoting site development services, (3) expanding the scope of our services, and (4) focusing on tenant service and deployment speed. We do not always provide the site development services for our tenants on our communications infrastructure as other service providers also provide these services (see also "—Competition" below). Typically, our site development services are and are billed on a fixed fee basis, and the terms and pricing of site development services are negotiated separately from our tenant contracts. Customers. Our Towers customers are primarily comprised of large wireless carriers that operate national networks. Our Fiber customers generally consist of large wireless carriers and organizations with and demands, such as enterprise (including healthcare and financial), wholesale, government and education institutions. Our three largest tenants are T-Mobile, AT&T and Verizon Wireless. Collectively, these three tenants accounted for approximately of our 2024 site rental revenues. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for risks associated with our dependence on a small number of customers and note 14 to our consolidated financial statements. For 2024, our site rental revenues by tenant were as follows: Sales and Marketing. Our sales organization markets our communications infrastructure with the objective of contracting access with tenants to existing communications infrastructure or to new communications infrastructure prior to construction. We seek to become the critical partner and preferred independent communications infrastructure provider for our tenants and increase tenant satisfaction relative to our peers by leveraging our (1) existing unique communications infrastructure footprint, (2) tenant relationships, (3) approach, (4) technological tools and (5) construction capabilities and expertise relative to the Fiber segment. Our sales team is organized based on a variety of factors, including tenant type (such as large wireless carriers, vertical customers and organizations), product offering and geography. A team of national account directors maintains our relationships with our largest tenants. These directors work to develop new business opportunities, as well as to ensure that tenants' communications infrastructure needs are efficiently translated into new contracts for our communications infrastructure. Sales personnel in our local offices develop and maintain relationships with our tenants that are expanding their networks, entering new markets, seeking new or additional communication infrastructure offerings, bringing new technologies to market or requiring maintenance or business. In addition to our sales or marketing staff, a number of employees spend a significant portion of their time on sales and marketing activities and call on existing or prospective tenants. 8 Competition. We face competition for site rental tenants from various sources, including (1) other independent communications infrastructure owners or operators, including competitors that own, operate, or manage towers, rooftops, broadcast or transmission towers, utility poles, fiber (including competitors, such as cable providers) or small cells, (2) tenants who elect to or (3) new alternative deployment methods for communications infrastructure. Some of our largest competitors in the Towers segment are American Tower Corporation and SBA Communications Corporation. Our Fiber segment business competitors can vary significantly based on geography. Some of the larger competitors in the Fiber segment include other owners of fiber, tenants who elect to and recent and potential entrants into small cells and the fiber solutions business. We believe that location, existing communications infrastructure footprint, deployment speed, quality of service, expertise, reputation, capacity and price have been and will continue to be the most significant competitive factors affecting our businesses. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of competition in our industry. Competitors to our services offering can include site acquisition consultants, zoning consultants, real estate firms, consulting firms, construction companies, tower owners or managers, radio frequency engineering consultants, our tenants' internal staff or contractors, or telecommunications equipment vendors who can provide turnkey site development services through multiple subcontractors. We believe that our tenants base their decisions on the outsourcing of services on criteria such as a company's experience, record of accomplishment, reputation, price and time for completion of a project. Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") Our shared communications infrastructure model results in the use of fewer resources, including water, energy, metals and other materials, than would otherwise be needed to construct and maintain communications infrastructure under a infrastructure model. We are committed to operating responsibly and ethically and considering social and environmental impacts as we make business decisions. We currently maintain annual sustainability targets in our senior unsecured credit facility. Further, we have a goal to be carbon neutral for 2025 in Scope 1 and 2 emissions by continuing to invest in energy reduction initiatives, sourcing renewable energy, and, to a lesser extent, utilizing carbon credits or offsets. We plan to continue investing in projects that are both good for our business and good for the environment. The Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee assists the board of directors with ESG oversight. Our executive management team and senior management keep our board of directors apprised of our ESG priorities, goals and initiatives. Together, our board of directors and executive management team define our strategic approach to managing actual and potential impacts of significant ESG risks and opportunities. Additional information regarding our sustainability initiatives and progress is also available through the Investors section of our website at https://investor.crowncastle.com. The information on our website, including our ESG Reports, is not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated by reference into this 2024 Form 10-K or any other filings with the SEC unless expressly noted in any such other filings. Human Capital The people who work for Crown Castle are essential to our ability to execute on our strategy. As of January 31, 2025, we employed approximately 3,900 people, all of whom were based in the U.S. From time to time, we also add contingent workers to support our business. We believe attracting, developing and retaining talented employees is paramount to serving our customers and our communities and creating value for our stockholders. We also periodically conduct employee surveys to help us understand how they feel about working at our company and track the results to inform our human capital strategies. We focus on building and retaining a strong and innovative workforce with a variety of backgrounds, experiences and points of view. The of our employees is a crucial element of our safety culture, employee engagement and productivity. We offer a comprehensive total rewards package which includes pay, performance-based annual incentive awards, healthcare and retirement benefits, mental health benefits, parental and family leave, holiday and paid time off and tuition assistance. We further invest in our employees' professional growth and development by providing resources and opportunities to hone their skills and expand their expertise, which empowers them to advance their careers and enables our business to prosper. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our Restructuring Plans, which resulted in a reduction of total employee headcount. 9 Regulatory and Environmental Matters We are required to comply with a variety of federal, state and local regulations and laws in the U.S., including FCC and Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") regulations and those discussed under "—Environmental" below. To date, we have not incurred any material fines or penalties or experienced any material adverse effects to our business as a result of any domestic or international regulations, including any environmental regulations. The summary below is based on regulations currently in effect, and such regulations are subject to review or modification by the applicable governmental authority from time to time. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be fined or lose our rights to conduct some of our business. Federal Regulations. Both the FCC and the FAA regulate towers used for wireless communications, radio, or television broadcasting. Such regulations control the siting, construction, modification, lighting, and marking of towers and may, depending on the characteristics of particular towers, require the registration of tower facilities with the FCC and the issuance of determinations confirming no hazard to air traffic. Wireless communications devices operating on towers are separately regulated and independently licensed based upon the particular frequency used. In addition, the FCC and the FAA have developed standards to consider proposals for new or modified tower or antenna structures based upon the height or location, including proximity to airports. Proposals to construct or to modify existing tower or antenna structures above certain heights are reviewed by the FAA to ensure the structure will not present a hazard to aviation, which determination may be conditioned upon compliance with lighting or marking requirements. The FCC requires its licensees to operate communications devices only on towers that comply with FAA rules and are registered with the FCC, if required by its regulations. Where tower lighting is required by FAA regulation, tower owners bear the responsibility of notifying the FAA of any tower lighting outage and ensuring the timely restoration of such outages. State and Local Regulations. The U.S. Telecommunications Act of 1996 amended the Communications Act of 1934 to preserve state and local zoning authorities' jurisdiction over the siting of communications towers and small cells. The law, however, limits state and local zoning authority by prohibiting actions by such authorities that discriminate between different service providers of wireless communications or prohibit altogether (actually or effectively) the provision of wireless communications. Additionally, the law prohibits state and local restrictions based on the environmental effects of radio frequency emissions to the extent the facilities comply with FCC regulations. Local regulations include city and other local ordinances (including subdivision and zoning ordinances), approvals for construction, modification and removal of towers and small cells, and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers. These regulations vary greatly, but typically require us to obtain prior approval from local officials. Local zoning authorities may render decisions that prevent the construction or modification of towers or small cells, or place conditions on such construction or modifications that are responsive to community residents' concerns regarding the height, visibility, or other characteristics of such infrastructure. Over the last several years, the FCC has adopted regulations and 32 states have passed legislation intended to expedite and streamline the deployment of wireless networks, including establishing presumptively reasonable timeframes for reviews by local and state governments. Notwithstanding such developments, decisions of local regulatory authorities and utilities in certain jurisdictions may continue to adversely affect deployment timing and cost. Certain of our subsidiaries hold state authorizations, including authorizations to act as competitive local exchange carriers ("CLECs"), to provide intrastate telecommunication services in addition to FCC authorization to provide domestic interstate telecommunication services. State authorizations may help promote access to public , which is beneficial to the timely deployment of fiber and small cells, and often allow us to deploy such infrastructure in locations where zoning restrictions might otherwise delay, restrict, or prevent building or expanding traditional wireless tower and rooftop sites. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for additional information regarding rights to our infrastructure. Environmental. We are required to comply with a variety of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations protecting environmental quality, including air and water quality, and wildlife. To date, we have not incurred any material fines or penalties or experienced any material adverse effects to our business as a result of any domestic or international environmental regulations or matters. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for additional information regarding compliance with laws and regulations. The construction of new towers and small cells or, in some cases, their modification in the U.S. may be subject to environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, as amended ("NEPA"), which requires federal agencies to evaluate the environmental impact of major federal actions. NEPA regulations require applicants to investigate the potential environmental impact of the proposed tower or small cells construction. If the FCC determines that the proposed tower or small cells construction or modification presents a significant environmental impact, the FCC is required to prepare an environmental impact statement, which is subject to public comment. Such determination could significantly delay the FCC's approval of the construction or modification. 10 Our operations are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission, or remediation of, or exposure to, hazardous or substances, materials, or wastes. As an owner, lessee, or operator of real property, we are subject to certain environmental laws that impose strict, liability for the cleanup of or contamination relating to existing or historical operations; or we could also be subject to personal injury or property damage claims relating to such contamination. In general, our tenant contracts prohibit our tenants from using or storing any hazardous substances on our communications infrastructure sites in violation of applicable environmental laws and require our tenants to provide notice of certain environmental conditions caused by them. We are subject to Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar guidelines regarding employee protection from radio frequency exposure. In recent years, the scientific community has extensively studied radio frequency emissions to determine whether they have any connection to certain negative health effects, such as cancer. We have compliance programs and monitoring projects designed to promote compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the costs of compliance with existing or future environmental laws will not have a material adverse effect on us. Available Information We maintain a website at www.crowncastle.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K (and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act")), proxy statements and other information about us are made available, free of charge, through the Investors section of our website at https://investor.crowncastle.com and at the SEC's website at http://sec.gov as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Proper Business Practices and Ethics Policy, Financial Code of Ethics, and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee and Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee are available through the Investors section of our website at https://investor.crowncastle.com, and such information is also available in print to any stockholder who requests it. We intend to post to our website any amendments to or waivers from each of the Business Practices and Ethics Policy and Financial Code of Ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller that are required to be disclosed. 11 Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this document, when evaluating your investment in our securities. Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes our material risk factors. However, this summary is not intended to be a comprehensive and complete list of all risk factors identified by the Company. Refer to the following pages of this section for additional details regarding these summarized risk factors. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry: • Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). • A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. • The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. • Our Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. • Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. • New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. • If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. • Our services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. • As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to negotiate favorable rates on our new or renewing tenant contracts. • New wireless technologies may not deploy or be adopted by tenants as rapidly or in the manner projected. • If radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets or equipment on our communications infrastructure are demonstrated to cause negative health effects, potential future claims could adversely affect our operations, costs or revenues. • Cybersecurity breaches or other information technology disruptions could adversely affect our operations, business, and reputation. • Our business may be adversely impacted by events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events. • Our focus on and disclosure of our ESG position, metrics, strategy, goals and initiatives expose us to potential litigation or regulatory action and other adverse effects to our business. • Failure to attract, recruit and retain qualified and experienced employees could adversely affect our business, operations and costs. • Changes to management, including turnover of our top executives, could have an adverse effect on our business. • Actions that we are taking, or have completed, to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. • Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. 12 Risks Relating to Our Pending Sale of the Fiber Business: • The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. • Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. • The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. Risks Relating to Our Debt and Equity • Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and the terms of our debt instruments limit our ability to take a number of actions that our management might otherwise believe to be in our best interests. In addition, if we fail to comply with our covenants, our debt could be accelerated. • We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. In the event we do not repay or refinance such indebtedness, we could face substantial liquidity issues and might be required to issue equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, or sell some of our assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet our debt payment obligations. • Sales or issuances of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. • Certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation ("Charter") and second amended and restated , as amended (" ") and operative agreements, and domestic and international competition laws may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or for us to acquire control of a third party, even if such a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Risks Relating to Corporate Compliance • If we fail to comply with laws or regulations which regulate our business and which may change at any time, we may be fined or even lose our right to conduct some of our business. Risks Relating to Our REIT Status • Future dividend payments to our stockholders will reduce the availability of our cash on hand available to fund future discretionary investments, and may result in a need to incur indebtedness or issue equity securities to fund growth opportunities. In such event, the then current economic, credit market or equity market conditions will impact the availability or cost of such financing, which may hinder our ability to grow our per share results of operations. • Remaining qualified to be taxed as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would result in our inability to deduct dividends to stockholders when computing our taxable income, thereby increasing our tax obligations and reducing our available cash. • Complying with REIT requirements, including the 90% distribution requirement, may limit our flexibility or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities, including certain discretionary investments and potential financing alternatives. • REIT related ownership limitations and transfer restrictions may prevent or restrict certain transfers of our capital stock. 13 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). Tenant demand for our communications infrastructure depends on consumers' and organizations' demand for data. Additionally, the willingness of our tenants to utilize our communications infrastructure, or renew or extend existing tenant contracts on our communications infrastructure, is affected by numerous factors, including: • availability or capacity of our communications infrastructure or associated land interests; • location of our communications infrastructure; • financial condition of our tenants, including their profitability and availability or cost of capital, including through government funding; • willingness of our tenants to maintain or increase their network investment or changes in their capital allocation strategy; • need for integrated networks and organizations; • availability and cost of spectrum for commercial use; • increased use of network sharing, roaming, joint development, or resale agreements by our tenants; • mergers or consolidations by and among our tenants; • changes in, or success of, our tenants' business models; • governmental regulations and initiatives, including local or state restrictions on the proliferation of communications infrastructure; • cost of constructing communications infrastructure; • our market competition, including tenants that may elect to ; • technological changes, including those (1) affecting the number or type of communications infrastructure needed to provide data to a given geographic area or which may otherwise serve as a substitute or alternative to our communications infrastructure or (2) resulting in the obsolescence or decommissioning of certain existing wireless networks; and • our ability to efficiently satisfy our tenants' service requirements. A slowdown in demand for data or our communications infrastructure may negatively impact our growth or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If our current or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, as a result of disruptions in the financial and credit markets or otherwise, they may reduce their spending, which could adversely affect our anticipated growth or the demand for our communications infrastructure or services. The amount, timing, and mix of our tenants' network investment is variable and can be significantly impacted by the various matters described in these risk factors. Changes in tenant network investment typically impact the demand for our communications infrastructure. As a result, changes in tenant plans such as delays in the implementation of new systems, new and emerging technologies, or change in plans to expand coverage or capacity may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure. As part of our announced plans to enhance returns in the Fiber segment, during the fourth quarter of 2024, we completed discussions with certain of our tenants regarding approximately 7,000 greenfield small cell nodes in our contracted backlog that both parties mutually agreed to cancel. These cancellations resulted in a $106 million asset charge in the fourth quarter of 2024. Furthermore, the industries in which our tenants operate (particularly those in the wireless industry) could experience a slowdown or slowing growth rates as a result of numerous factors, including a reduction in consumer demand for data or general economic conditions. There can be no assurances that weakness or uncertainty in the economic environment will not adversely impact our tenants or their industries, which may materially and adversely affect our business, including by reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services. In addition, a slowdown may increase competition for site rental tenants or services. Such an industry slowdown or a reduction in tenant network investment may materially and adversely affect our business. 14 A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. Our three largest tenants are T-Mobile, AT&T and Verizon Wireless. In addition to our three largest tenants, we also derive a meaningful portion of our revenues and anticipated future growth from DISH Network Corporate ("DISH"). The loss of any one of our largest tenants, including DISH, as a result of consolidation, merger, bankruptcy, insolvency, network sharing, roaming, joint development, resale agreements by our tenants or otherwise may result in (1) a material decrease in our revenues, (2) uncollectible account receivables, (3) an impairment of our deferred site rental receivables, communications infrastructure assets, or intangible assets (including goodwill), or (4) other adverse effects to our business. We cannot guarantee that tenant contracts with our largest tenants will not be terminated or that these tenants will renew their tenant contracts with us. Consolidation among our largest tenants will likely result in duplicate or overlapping parts of networks, for example, where they are on a tower or small cell network, which may result in the termination, or of tenant contracts and negatively impact revenues from our communications infrastructure. Due to the nature of our tenant contracts, we generally expect that the impact to our site rental revenues from any termination of our tenant contracts as a result of such potential consolidation would be spread out over multiple years. Such consolidation (or potential consolidation) may result in a reduction or slowdown in such tenants' network investment in the aggregate because their expansion plans may be similar. Tenant consolidation could decrease the demand for our communications infrastructure and services, which in turn may result in a reduction in our revenues or cash flows and may trigger a review for impairment of certain assets. On January 6, 2022, we entered into an agreement with T-Mobile that addressed the T-Mobile and Sprint network consolidation. We anticipate that this consolidation will result in approximately $200 million in Towers in 2025, with additional from this agreement, which we expect to fall within our historical range of 1% to 2% of Towers annual site rental revenues, to occur each year through 2034. We expect an additional impact of approximately $45 million in aggregate Fiber to occur in 2025 and in subsequent years. See "Item 1. Business—The Company" and note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our largest tenants. The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. We seek to expand and develop our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings, or other strategic opportunities. In the ordinary course of our business, we review, analyze and evaluate various potential transactions or other activities in which we may engage. Such transactions or activities could be complex, costly and , or cause disruptions in, increase risk to or otherwise negatively impact our business. Among other things, such transactions and activities may: • disrupt our business relationships with our tenants and landlords, depending on the nature of or counterparty to such transactions and activities; • divert capital and the time or attention of management away from other business operations, including as a result of integration activities; • fail to achieve revenue or margin targets, operational synergies or other benefits contemplated; • increase operational risk or volatility in our business; • temporarily decrease the volume of our business; • not result in the benefits management had expected to realize from such expansion and development activities, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected; • impact our cost structure and result in the need to hire additional employees; • increase demands on current employees or result in current or prospective employees experiencing uncertainty about their future roles with us, which might adversely affect our ability to retain or attract key employees; or • result in the need for additional TRSs or contributions of certain assets to TRSs, which are subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. 15 Our Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. Over the last decade, we have allocated a significant amount of capital to our Fiber business, which is a much less mature business for us than our Towers business. Our Fiber segment represented 33% and 34% of our site rental revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The business model for our Fiber operations contains certain differences from our business model for our Towers operations, including those relating to tenant base, competition, contract terms (including requirements for service level agreements regarding network performance and maintenance), upfront capital requirements, labor costs, landlord demographics, deployment and ownership of certain network assets, operational oversight requirements, government regulations, growth rates and applicable laws. While our Fiber operations have certain risks that are similar to our Towers operations, they also have certain operational risks (including the scalability of processes) that are different from our Towers business, including: • the use of public and franchise agreements; • the use of poles and conduits owned solely by, or jointly with, third parties; • risks relating to overbuilding competitive fiber assets; • risks relating to the specific markets in which we choose or plan to operate; • risks relating to construction hazards, including boring, trenching, utility and maintenance of traffic hazards; • construction management and construction-related billings to tenants; • risks relating to efficiently and rapidly adjusting the size of the personnel needed to operate our Fiber business; • risks relating to wireless carriers building their own small cell networks, or tenants utilizing their own or alternative fiber assets; • the risk of failing to optimize the use of our finite supply of fiber strands; • damage to our assets and the need to maintain, repair, upgrade and periodically replace our assets; • the risk of failing to properly maintain or operate highly specialized hardware and software; • network data security risks; • the risk of new technologies that could enable tenants to realize the same benefits with less utilization of our fiber; • potential damage to our overall reputation as a communications infrastructure provider; and • the use of CLEC status. In addition, the rate at which tenants adopt or prioritize small cells and fiber solutions has been lower or slower than we anticipated, and may continue to be lower or slower, or may cease to exist altogether. For example, our tenants have initially focused on utilizing towers in the first phase of deploying their 5G networks, which has led to delays in some of our small cell deployments. We anticipate that these delays will be temporary, as our tenants plan for the next phase of their 5G network deployment which we believe will require small cells at scale. Our Fiber operations also expose us to different safety or liability risks or hazards than our Towers business as a result of numerous factors, including those stemming from the deployment, location or nature of the assets involved. There may be risks and challenges associated with small cells and fiber solutions being comparatively new and emerging technologies that are continuing to evolve, and there may be other risks related to small cells and fiber solutions of which we are not yet aware. See " —The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. ", " —Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. ", " —The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. " and "—Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services.) ", for discussions of the Strategic Fiber Transaction and the potential impact to the growth of our Fiber segment as well as the previously announced small cell node cancellations. Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. Our construction projects and related contracts can be , complex in nature, dangerous, costly and challenging to execute. The quality of our performance on such construction projects depends in large part upon our ability to manage (1) the associated tenant relationship and (2) the project itself by timely deploying and properly managing appropriate internal and external project resources. In connection with our construction projects, we generally bear the risk of cost , labor availability and productivity, and contractor pricing and performance. 16 In addition, the construction projects (including modifications of existing communications infrastructure) can pose certain safety risks, including: • risks resulting from elevated work, including falling hazards; • risks of with safety regulations, industry best practices or other applicable standards; • risks associated with utility hazards, including gas line, electrical or sewage strikes, which may result in explosions, electrocution and other potentially catastrophic events; and • risk of potential wildfires, including due to welding, grinding, cutting, or other construction activity. Such safety risks may cause personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, suspension of operations or services, or significant damage to the environment, creating financial, regulatory or reputational damage that could adversely affect our business. See "—Our business may be adversely impacted by events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events" below for additional information regarding potential adverse impacts to our business which may result from wildfires and other events. Further, investments in newly constructed communications infrastructure may result in lower initial returns compared to returns on our existing communications infrastructure or us not being able to realize future tenant additions at anticipated levels. Additionally, contracts with our tenants for these projects typically specify delivery dates, performance criteria and penalties for our failure to perform. Our failure to perform timely and in accordance with the performance criteria exposes us to penalties specified in the contract or possible litigation. We often experience unforeseen delays from municipalities and utility companies that result in longer construction timelines than expected, which impact our ability to timely deliver on our projects. We may also experience unforeseen delays and increased project costs as a result of labor shortages, which may impact the availability of contractors to work on our construction projects. Our failure to manage such tenant relationships, project resources, and project milestones in a timely and efficient manner and appropriately manage safety risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. Improvements in the efficiency, architecture, and design of communication networks may reduce the demand for our communications infrastructure. For example, new technologies and spectrum that may promote network sharing, joint development, backhaul and fronthaul efficiency or resale agreements by our tenants, such as signal combining technologies or network virtualization, may reduce the need for our communications infrastructure. In addition, other technologies, such as WiFi, blimps, satellite (such as low earth orbiting) and mesh transmission systems may, in the future, serve as substitutes for, or alternatives to, leasing on communications infrastructure that might otherwise be anticipated or expected had such technologies not existed. In addition, new technologies that enhance the range, efficiency and capacity of communication equipment could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure. Any significant reduction in demand for our communications infrastructure resulting from the new technologies may negatively impact our revenues or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. The property interests and other rights to our communications infrastructure, including the land under our towers, are derived from leasehold and interests, fee interests, easements, licenses, , and franchise and other agreements. A loss of these interests and other rights may interfere with our ability to conduct our business or generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze, or verify all information regarding titles or other issues prior to acquiring communications infrastructure. Further, we may not be able to renew ground leases or other agreements on commercially viable terms. Our ability to retain rights to the land on which our towers are located depends on our ability to purchase such land, by acquiring fee interests and perpetual easements, or renegotiate or extend the terms of the agreements relating to such land. Approximately 10% of our towers site rental gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2024 was derived from towers where the leases for the land under such towers had final expiration dates of less than 10 years. If we are unable to retain rights to the property on which our communications infrastructure is located, our business may be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 54% of our towers were leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, or other agreements with AT&T and T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger with Sprint). We have the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. We have no obligation to exercise such purchase options. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase some or all of these towers at the time these options are exercisable. Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our 17 right to purchase these towers or some or all of the T-Mobile or AT&T towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisition of these towers may not exceed the costs, which could adversely affect our business. Additional information concerning these towers and the applicable purchase options as of December 31, 2024 is as follows: • 22% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under a master lease or other related agreements with AT&T for a initial term of approximately 28 years, weighted based on towers site rental gross margin. We have the option to purchase the leased and subleased towers from AT&T at the end of the respective lease or sublease terms for aggregate option payments of approximately $4.2 billion, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due between 2032 and 2048. • 32% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases or other agreements with T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger with Sprint). Approximately half of such towers have an initial term of 32 years (through May 2037), and we have the option to purchase in 2037 all (but not less than all) of such leased and subleased towers from T-Mobile for approximately $2.3 billion. The remainder of such towers have a initial term of approximately 28 years, weighted based on towers site rental gross margin. We have the option to purchase such towers from T-Mobile at the end of the respective terms for aggregate option payments of approximately $2.0 billion, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due between 2035 and 2049. In addition, another 1% of our towers under master leases, subleases, and other agreements with T-Mobile are subject to a lease and sublease or other related arrangements with AT&T. We have the option to purchase these towers from AT&T at the end of their respective lease terms for aggregate option payments of up to approximately $385 million, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due prior to 2032 (less than $12 million would be due before 2029). Under master lease or master prepaid lease arrangements we have with AT&T and T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger with Sprint), certain of our subsidiaries lease or sublease, or are otherwise granted the right to operate and manage, towers from bankruptcy remote subsidiaries of such carriers. If one of these bankruptcy remote subsidiaries should become a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding and is permitted to reject the underlying ground lease, our subsidiaries could lose their interest in the applicable sites. If our subsidiaries were to lose their interest in the applicable sites or if the applicable ground leases were to be terminated, we would lose the cash flow derived from the towers on those sites, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We have similar bankruptcy risks with respect to sites that we operate under management agreements. For our small cells and fiber, we must maintain , franchise, pole attachment, conduit use, fiber use and other agreements to operate our assets. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to maintain these agreements or obtain future agreements to construct, maintain and operate our fiber assets. Access to may depend on our CLEC status, and we cannot be certain that jurisdictions will (1) recognize such CLEC status or (2) not change their laws concerning CLEC access to . If a material portion of these agreements are terminated or are not renewed, we might be forced to abandon our assets, which may adversely impact our business. In order to operate our assets, we must also maintain fiber agreements that we have with public and private entities. There is no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on favorable terms, we may face increased costs or reduced revenues. Additionally, in order to expand our communications infrastructure footprint to new locations, we often need to obtain new or additional and other agreements. Our failure to obtain these agreements in a prompt and manner may prevent us from expanding our footprint, which may be necessary to meet our contractual obligations to our tenants and could adversely impact our business. Our services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. The operating results of our services business for any particular period may experience significant fluctuations given its nature and should not necessarily be considered indicative of results for this activity. Our services business is generally driven by demand for our communications infrastructure and may be adversely impacted by various factors, including: • competition; • the timing, mix and amount of tenant network investments; • the rate and volume of tenant deployment plans; 18 • unforeseen delays or challenges relating to work performed; • economic weakness or uncertainty; • labor availability and productivity; • availability of key components; • our market share; and • changes in the size, scope, or volume of work performed. During both 2023 and 2024, due primarily to our discontinuation of installation services as a Towers product offering previously announced in July 2023, services and other revenues decreased by 36% and 53%, respectively, when compared to years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively. We continue to offer site development services on our towers. See note 16 to our consolidated financial statements and "Item 7. MD&A—General Overview—Highlights of Business Fundamentals and Results" for further discussion of our 2023 Restructuring Plan, which included discontinuing installation services as a Towers product offering. As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to negotiate favorable rates on our new or renewing tenant contracts. Our growth is dependent on our entering into new tenant contracts (including amendments to tenant contracts upon modification of existing towers, small cells or fiber), as well as renewing or renegotiating tenant contracts when existing tenant contracts terminate. Competition in our industry may make it more difficult for us to attract new tenants, maintain or increase our gross margins, or maintain or increase our market share. In addition, competition (primarily in our fiber solutions business) may, in certain circumstances, cause us to renegotiate certain existing tenant contracts to avoid early contract terminations. We face competition for site rental tenants and associated contractual rates from various sources, including (1) other independent communications infrastructure owners or operators, including those that own, operate, or manage towers, rooftops, broadcast or transmission towers, utility poles, fiber (including competitors such as cable providers) or small cells, (2) tenants who elect to and (3) new alternative deployment methods for communications infrastructure. Our Fiber business generally has different competitors than those in our Towers business, including other owners of fiber, as well as new entrants into small cells and fiber solutions, some of which may have larger networks, greater financial resources or more experien

[truncated]