Disclaimer* Pebble Group PLC (The) 09 July 2026 9 July 2026 THE PEBBLE GROUP PLC ("The Pebble Group" or the "Group") Update on Share Buyback Programme The Pebble Group, a leading provider of digital commerce, products and related services to the global promotional products industry, announces an update to the share buyback programme in the Group's ordinary shares of 1 pence each (" Ordinary Shares ") launched with its retained corporate broker Panmure Liberum Limited (" Panmure Liberum ") on 17 March 2026 to execute up to an initial maximum aggregate consideration of £5.0 million (the " Original Share Buyback Programme "). To date, under the Original Share Buyback Programme the Company has purchased 8,485,500 Ordinary Shares for an aggregate consideration of £4.9 million. The Company today announces that it will be increasing the maximum aggregate consideration of the Original Share Buyback Programme by £2.0 million, taking the programme to a total of £7.0 million (the " Updated Share Buyback Programme "). All other terms of the Updated Share Buyback Programme as set out in the Original Share Buyback Programme launch announcement on 17 March 2026, remain unchanged. Enquiries The Pebble Group Chris Lee, Chief Executive Officer Claire Thomson, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 750 012 4121 Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Edward Mansfield Will King Gaya Bhatt +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 Temple Bar Advisory (Financial PR) Alex Child-Villiers Alistair de Kare-Silver +44 (0) 207 183 1190 pebble@templebaradvisory.com About The Pebble Group The Pebble Group is a provider of digital commerce, products and related services to the global promotional products industry, comprising two differentiated businesses, Facilisgroup and Brand Addition, focused on specific areas of the promotional products market. For further information, please visit www.thepebblegroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies The Pebble Group (PEBB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 29 minutes ago Wellnex Life Limited 1 hour ago Keras Resources 1 hour ago DP Poland 1 hour ago Gemfields Group Limited 2 days ago Legal & General Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and