Disclaimer* Pebble Group PLC (The) 26 May 2026 26 May 2026 THE PEBBLE GROUP PLC ("The Pebble Group" or the "Group") Block Admission Return Name of applicant : The Pebble Group Plc Name of scheme: The Sharesave Plans Period of return: From: 26 November 2025 To: 26 May 2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 852,107 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): 0 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 852,107 In compliance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules (the "Rules"), the Company announces that, as at the date of this announcement, it has 147,056,709 Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares in issue. The Company does not hold any Ordinary Shares in treasury and all of the Ordinary Shares have equal voting rights. The figure of 147,056,709 Ordinary Shares represents the total voting rights in the Company and may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Rules Enquiries: The Pebble Group Christopher Lee, Chief Executive Officer Claire Thomson, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 7385 024855 Temple Bar Advisory (Financial PR) Alex Child-Villiers Alistair de Kare-Silver +44 (0) 207 183 1190 pebble@templebaradvisory.com Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Edward Mansfield William King Gaya Bhatt +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 About The Pebble Group The Pebble Group is a provider of technology, products and related services to the global promotional products industry, comprising two differentiated businesses, Facilisgroup and Brand Addition, focused on specific areas of the promotional products market. For further information, please visit www.thepebblegroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies The Pebble Group (PEBB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 29 minutes ago Wellnex Life Limited 1 hour ago Keras Resources 1 hour ago DP Poland 1 hour ago Gemfields Group Limited 2 days ago Legal & General Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and