Disclaimer* Pebble Group PLC (The) 14 May 2026 14 May 2026 THE PEBBLE GROUP PLC ("The Pebble Group" or the "Company") Notifications of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (together 'PDMRs') The Board of The Pebble Group, a leading provider of technology, services and products to the global promotional products industry, announces that the cash dividend payments paid by the Company on 11 May 2026 to the PDMRs listed below in respect of the Ordinary Shares of 1 pence each ("Ordinary Shares") held by them in their respective International Share Trust Accounts were automatically reinvested by the purchase of Ordinary Shares at a price of £0.55 pence per Ordinary Share, as summarised below: PDMR Number of Shares Acquired Share Price Christopher Lee 4,107 £0.55 Claire Thomson 3,041 £0.55 The Pebble Group was notified of the transactions on 14 May 2026. Christopher Lee now holds 6,052,964 Ordinary Shares, representing 4.12% of the Company's issued share capital. Claire Thomson now holds 2,799,440 Ordinary Shares, representing 1.90% of the Company's issued share capital. The notifications below, provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provide further details. Enquiries The Pebble Group Chris Lee, Chief Executive Officer Claire Thomson, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 750 012 4121 Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Edward Mansfield Will King Gaya Bhatt +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 Temple Bar Advisory (Financial PR) Alex Child-Villiers Alistair de Kare-Silver Sam Livingstone +44 (0) 207 183 1190 pebble@templebaradvisory.com About The Pebble Group The Pebble Group is a provider of digital commerce, products and related services to the global promotional products industry, comprising two differentiated businesses, Facilisgroup and Brand Addition, focused on specific areas of the promotional products market. For further information, please visit www.thepebblegroup.com . DEALING NOTIFICATION FORMS FOR USE BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND THEIR CLOSELY ASSOCIATED PERSONS Notification Forms The Pebble Group plc (Company) 1 Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them (PCA) (a) Name Christopher Lee (b) Position / status CEO (c) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 2 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary Shares of 1 pence (b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition (reinvestment of dividend payments by the purchase of Ordinary Shares by the PDMR's International Share Trust Account provider, MUFG Corporate Markets, on behalf of the PDMR). (c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.55 4,107 (d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A (e) Date of the transaction 11 /05/2026 (f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them (PCA) (a) Name Claire Thomson (b) Position / status CFO (c) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 2 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary Shares of 1 pence (b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition (reinvestment of dividend payments by the purchase of Ordinary Shares by the PDMR's International Share Trust Account provider, MUFG Corporate Markets, on behalf of the PDMR). (c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.55 3,041 (d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A (e) Date of the transaction 11 /05/2026 (f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies The Pebble Group (PEBB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) 2 hours ago IRISH RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES REIT P IRISH RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES ORD SHS 3 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 3 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 3 hours ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and