Disclaimer* Pebble Group PLC (The) 29 April 2026 29 April 2026 THE PEBBLE GROUP PLC ("The Pebble Group", the "Group" or the "Company") AGM Trading Update and Notice of Results Trading year-to-date ahead of prior year and in line with FY 26 market expectations Facilisgroup and Brand Addition delivering revenue growth Ahead of the Annual General Meeting ("AGM"), being held later today, The Pebble Group, a leading provider of technology, products and related services to the global promotional products industry, provides the following Trading Update. Trading Update Trading year-to-date has been robust, with revenue and Adjusted EBITDA ahead of the prior year. The Group's working capital cycle is progressing in line with its normal seasonal pattern, with strong annual cash generation continuing to support returns to shareholders. Our FY 26 outlook remains in line with market expectations. At Facilisgroup, new Partner wins remain ahead of the same period in 2025 and retention levels continue to be strong. The investments made into the business are beginning to translate into sales momentum, with HY 26 revenue expected to be ahead of the prior year. At Brand Addition, robust trading with existing clients has been supplemented by sales from new business wins secured in 2025. HY 26 revenue is expected to be ahead of the prior year, with gross margins and costs continuing to be well managed. Outlook and Notice of Results Trading at Facilisgroup and Brand Addition is in line with the Board's expectations and supports delivery of the Group's FY 26 market expectations. The £5.0m Share Buy Back announced alongside the FY 25 Results in March 2026 is ongoing. To date, circa £680,000 has been deployed to repurchase shares at an average price of 51 pence per share. The Board continues to monitor trading patterns in the context of the macroeconomic environment and will provide a further update in mid‑July with its HY 26 trading statement, ahead of the announcement of its Half Year Results scheduled for 8 September 2026. Enquiries: The Pebble Group Chris Lee, Chief Executive Officer Claire Thomson, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 750 012 4121 Temple Bar Advisory (Financial PR) Alex Child-Villiers Alistair de Kare-Silver +44 (0) 207 183 1190 pebble@templebaradvisory.com Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Edward Mansfield William King Gaya Bhatt +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 About The Pebble Group The Pebble Group is a provider of technology, products and related services to the global promotional products industry, comprising two differentiated businesses, Facilisgroup and Brand Addition, focused on specific areas of the promotional products market. For further information, please visit www.thepebblegroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies The Pebble Group (PEBB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 29 minutes ago Wellnex Life Limited 1 hour ago Keras Resources 1 hour ago DP Poland 1 hour ago Gemfields Group Limited 2 days ago Legal & General Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and