Disclaimer* Pebble Group PLC (The) 09 July 2026 9 July 2026 THE PEBBLE GROUP PLC ("The Pebble Group", the "Group" or the "Company") HY Trading Update and Notice of Results Increasing momentum Group revenue ahead of the prior year and expected to underpin delivery of FY 26 market expectations Announced today, £2.0m extension of the Share Buyback Programme The Pebble Group, a leading provider of technology, products and related services to the global promotional products industry, provides an update on trading for the six months to 30 June 2026 ("HY 26" or the "Period") ahead of its Half Year Results, which will be announced on 8 September 2026. Trading Update We expect to report a positive trading performance for HY 26 with Group revenue ahead of the prior year. HY 26 Adjusted EBITDA is also expected to be ahead of HY 25, reflecting the impact of revenue growth and the continued investment to support scaling at Facilisgroup. Overall, trading is in line with management expectations. Facilisgroup has delivered a strong performance, with revenue in US dollars (the home currency of the business) circa 7% ahead of HY 25. During the Period, our approach to long-term partnerships has supported the constructive evolution of the pricing structure for our enhanced technology. This change will positively impact revenue growth from H2 26 onwards and significantly extends our committed revenues by entry into multi-year contracts. Key indicators of Gross Merchandise Value, spend through Preferred Suppliers, and Partner numbers are all progressing in line with our expectations. As we continue to invest in our platform for the benefit of our community, we have growing confidence in our ability to responsibly accelerate the developing growth in revenue. At Brand Addition, performance has also been positive with revenue in the Period expected to be circa 4% ahead of HY 25. This growth has been driven primarily by incremental revenue from new contract wins secured over the last year. Orders received for invoicing in H2 26 are ahead of the prior year and the new business pipeline is promising. During the Period, we have maintained our disciplined operational approach, with gross margins and costs in line with our expectations. The Group's balance sheet remains strong and its excellent free cash flow generation is supporting both organic growth and, as announced today, a £2.0m extension of the existing Share Buyback Programme. In the 12 months to 30 June 2026, the Company returned £14.3m to shareholders (12 months to 30 June 2025: £6.0m). Following these distributions, net debt as at 30 June 2026 was £1.2m (net cash as at 30 June 2025: £6.0m). Assuming the full utilisation of the £2.0m extended Share Buyback Programme, net cash as at 31 December 2026 is expected to be approximately £5.0m (31 December 2025: £9.6m). Outlook and Notice of Results Trading across both businesses has been encouraging and current performance supports delivery in line with FY 26 market expectations. Revenue momentum is building at Facilisgroup, and we are focused on translating recent contract wins into sustained revenue growth at Brand Addition. Today's update demonstrates the progress achieved through consistent execution of our strategy, reflected in growing momentum across our Group. We look forward to providing a further update and detail in our Half Year Results announcement on 8 September 2026. Enquiries: The Pebble Group Chris Lee, Chief Executive Officer Claire Thomson, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 750 012 4121 Temple Bar Advisory (Financial PR) Alex Child-Villiers Alistair de Kare-Silver +44 (0) 207 183 1190 pebble@templebaradvisory.com Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Edward Mansfield William King Gaya Bhatt +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 About The Pebble Group The Pebble Group is a provider of technology, products and related services to the global promotional products industry, comprising two differentiated businesses, Facilisgroup and Brand Addition, focused on specific areas of the promotional products market. For further information, please visit www.thepebblegroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies The Pebble Group (PEBB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 29 minutes ago Wellnex Life Limited 1 hour ago Keras Resources 1 hour ago DP Poland 1 hour ago Gemfields Group Limited 2 days ago Legal & General Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and