BETA Close X RHI Magnesita N.V. has published its Notice of Annual General Meeting, which will be held on Wednesday, 13 May 2026, at 14:00 CEST. The company will continue to offer a hybrid meeting format, allowing shareholders to attend and participate electronically, a practice successfully implemented since 2020. This approach aims to reduce costs and environmental impact while maintaining shareholder engagement. The AGM Notice will be available on the company's website and through the National Storage Mechanism. Disclaimer* RHI Magnesita N.V. 26 March 2026 26 March 2026 RHI Magnesita N.V. ("RHI Magnesita" or the "Company" or "Group") NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING RHI Magnesita N.V. (LSE: RHIM) has today published the Notice of Annual General Meeting ("AGM Notice"). The 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") will be held on Wednesday, 13 May 2026 at 14.00 (CEST). Given the successful virtual meetings since 2020, RHI Magnesita is enabling shareholders to attend and participate electronically again in 2026, and the AGM will be webcast as a hybrid meeting. Pursuant to Dutch law, there will be a physical presence in Amsterdam, but the Directors will be joining via webcast from their respective locations. A hybrid meeting will reduce costs and the environmental impact from air travel, whilst still providing open and direct contact with the Board for shareholders More details can be found in the explanatory notes to the AGM Notice and in the AGM area of the Company's website. Shareholders are invited to submit questions in advance and will be able to attend and vote in the AGM via webcast. The AGM Notice will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism A copy of the AGM Notice is available through the 'Investors' page within our website www.rhimagnesita.com . Julia Crane, Company Secretary E-mail: julia.crane@rhimagnesita.com About RHI Magnesita RHI Magnesita is the leading global supplier of high-grade refractory products, systems and solutions which are critical for high-temperature processes exceeding 1,200°C in a wide range of industries, including steel, cement, non-ferrous metals and glass. With a vertically integrated value chain, from raw materials to refractory products and full performance-based solutions, RHI Magnesita serves customers around the world, with over 20,000 employees in 65 main production sites (including raw material sites), 12 recycling facilities and more than 70 sales offices. RHI Magnesita intends to leverage its leadership in terms of revenue, scale, product portfolio and diversified geographic presence to target strategically those countries and regions benefiting from more dynamic economic growth prospects. The Group is listed within the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) category ("ESCC") of the Official List of the London Stock Exchange (symbol: RHIM) and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 index, with a secondary listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse). For more information please visit: www.rhimagnesita.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RHI Magnesita N.V. (DI) (RHIM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 35 minutes ago Canal+ SA 49 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and