Completion of Resco transaction RHI Magnesita N.V. 28 January 2025 28 January 2025 RHI Magnesita N.V. ("RHI Magnesita" or "the Group") Completion of Resco transaction RHI Magnesita announces the completion of its $410 million (c.€390 million) acquisition of Resco Group, a US based producer of alumina monolithics and wide range of basic and non-basic refractories, following merger control authority approval. About Resco Resco is a producer of shaped and unshaped refractories, including products for use in the petrochemical, cement, aluminium, and steel making industries. The Group will acquire six refractory plants and two raw material sites in the US and two plants in the UK and Canada. Resco's Rescobond and Rescocast brands are widely used in refining and petrochemical applications by global customers. Benefits of the Acquisition The Acquisition will deliver a broad range of benefits to customers, including a significantly enhanced product portfolio, supply security, improved responsiveness and sustainability benefits. The Acquisition will increase RHI Magnesita's local production in the US and Canada by transferring significant volumes of production from non-US plants to the Resco production facilities in the US, and continues the Group's strategic growth trajectory in alumina-based refractories. Synergies will be created in the mid-term following the restructuring of the combined supply chain, which is expected to last approximately two years and incur one-time costs of €60 million, including restructuring efforts in non-US plants. A write down of assets in Brazil of approximately €30 million connected to the completion of the Resco transaction is expected to be recognised in the 31 December 2024 results, reflecting the network optimisation which will result in transfer of production capacity into the US. Synergies are expected to be generated through supply chain improvements, production network optimisation, working capital reduction, logistics efficiencies, supply integration, technology transfer, increased recycling opportunities and procurement savings. Commenting on the Acquisition, Stefan Borgas, Chief Executive Officer of RHI Magnesita, said: "The acquisition of Resco marks a significant milestone for RHI Magnesita as we continue to expand our offering in North America, responding to our customers' evolving priorities. This deal will deliver a step change for our North American business as we continue to enhance local-for-local production and expand our product offering. Resco is a profitable and cash flow generative business with a strong customer base in the petrochemical, cement, and aluminium industries that will immediately add value to RHI Magnesita. Our new colleagues from Resco will join a collaborative international team and benefit from a wide range of skills, experience, and exceptional career development opportunities. Together, I am confident that we will continue to set new industry standards ." For further enquiries, please contact: Chris Bucknall, Head of Investor Relations Tel +43 699 1870 6490 E‐mail: chris.bucknall@rhimagnesita.com Media: Hudson Sandler Mark Garraway, Emily Dillon, Nick Moore Tel +44 020 7796 4133 E-mail: rhimagnesita@hudsonsandler.com About RHI Magnesita RHI Magnesita is the leading global supplier of high-grade refractory products, systems and solutions which are critical for high-temperature processes exceeding 1,200°C in a wide range of industries, including steel, cement, non-ferrous metals and glass. With a vertically integrated value chain, from raw materials to refractory products and full performance-based solutions, RHI Magnesita serves customers around the world, with over 20,000 employees in 67 main production sites (including raw material sites), 12 recycling facilities and more than 70 sales offices. RHI Magnesita intends to leverage its leadership in terms of revenue, scale, product portfolio and diversified geographic presence to target strategically those countries and regions benefiting from more dynamic economic growth prospects. The Group is listed within the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) category ("ESCC") of the Official List of the London Stock Exchange (symbol: RHIM) and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 index, with a secondary listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse). For more information please visit: www.rhimagnesita.com Definitions "the Acquisition" The Acquisition of Resco Group by RHI Magnesita, first announced on 2 April 2024 and completed on 28 January 2025. "Resco Group" or "Resco" A group of companies carrying out the manufacturing and sale of refractory products in the US, UK and Canada. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RHI Magnesita N.V. (DI) (RHIM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 35 minutes ago Canal+ SA 49 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and