BETA Close X RHI Magnesita N.V. has announced that its preliminary full-year results for the period ending December 31, 2025, will be released on Monday, March 2, 2026. An analyst presentation will follow at 08:15 UK time on the same day, which will be accessible via a live webcast and conference call, with a replay available afterward. Disclaimer* RHI Magnesita N.V. 13 February 2026 13 February 2026 RHI Magnesita N.V. ("RHI Magnesita" or the "Group") Notice of 2025 Full Year Results RHI Magnesita will announce its Preliminary Full Year Results for the year ended 31 December 2025 on Monday 2 March 2026. A presentation for analysts will be held at 08:15 UK time (09:15 CET) on Monday 2 March 2026 at the offices of Hudson Sandler, 25 Charterhouse Square, London EC1M 6AE. The analyst presentation will be broadcast live via webcast and conference call. The webcast can be accessed using the following link: https://www.investis-live.com/rhimagnesita/6978eea1b05b910017bae71c/lepp A replay will be made available via the webcast link and on the Company's website shortly after the event finishes. For further enquiries, please contact: Alexander Ordosch, Head of Investor Relations Tel: +43 699 1870 6162 E‐mail: alexander.ordosch@rhimagnesita.com Hudson Sandler, Financial PR Tel: +44 020 7796 4133 E-mail: rhimagnesita@hudsonsandler.com About RHI Magnesita RHI Magnesita is the leading global supplier of high-grade refractory products, systems and solutions which are critical for high-temperature processes exceeding 1,200°C in a wide range of industries, including steel, cement, non-ferrous metals and glass. With a vertically integrated value chain, from raw materials to refractory products and full performance-based solutions, RHI Magnesita serves customers around the world, with over 20,000 employees in 65 main production sites (including raw material sites), 12 recycling facilities and more than 70 sales offices. RHI Magnesita intends to leverage its leadership in terms of revenue, scale, product portfolio and diversified geographic presence to target strategically those countries and regions benefiting from more dynamic economic growth prospects. The Group is listed within the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) category ("ESCC") of the Official List of the London Stock Exchange (symbol: RHIM) and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 index, with a secondary listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse). For more information please visit: www.rhimagnesita.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RHI Magnesita N.V. (DI) (RHIM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and