Director/PDMR Shareholding RHI Magnesita N.V. 29 May 2025 29 May 2025 RHI Magnesita N.V. ("RHI Magnesita" or the "Company" ) Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them RHI Magnesita N.V. announces that, on 27 May 2025, a person discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMR") exercised share options over 6,017 ordinary shares, represented by depositary interests, of €1 each (the "Award") in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares" or "Shares"), which were subsequently sold. The Award, made under the terms of the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP"), was granted on 8 April 2020. It vested on 5 May 2023 following the assessment of the performance conditions, as disclosed in the 2022 Remuneration Report on page 132 of the 2022 Annual Report, which can be found on the Company's website at www.rhimagnesita.com . Shares acquired on exercise must be retained until the fifth anniversary of the date of grant, being 8 April 2025, other than to pay related taxes. The Awards are subject to clawback provisions as outlined in the LTIP rules, available on the Company's website. To satisfy the exercise of these Awards, shares are being transferred from the Company's treasury account. No consideration is payable for the exercise of Awards. The notification below is made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ticiana Kobel 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Vice President, Legal & Digital Transformation b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RHI Magnesita N.V. b) LEI 724500UWG6A61XNA3Y36 National company register number: 68991665 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Transaction 1 a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument RHI Magnesita NV - Ordinary shares Identification code Securities no.: 38785413, ISIN no.: NL0012650360 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of options under the RHI Magnesita LTIP 2020 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 6,017 d) Aggregated information Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 6,017 e) Date of the transaction 27 May 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Transaction 2 a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument RHI Magnesita NV - Ordinary shares Identification code Securities no.: 38785413, ISIN no.: NL0012650360 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares acquired upon exercise under the RHI Magnesita LTIP 2020 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £28.50 6,017 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 6,017 - Price £171,457.93 e) Date of the transaction 27 May 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - Main Market This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RHI Magnesita N.V. (DI) (RHIM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and