BETA Close X RHI Magnesita N.V. has announced its total voting rights as of August 31, 2026, stating that its issued share capital comprises 47,372,695 ordinary shares, with 2,105,010 shares held in treasury. Consequently, the aggregate voting rights available to shareholders amount to 47,372,695, which shareholders should use as the denominator for determining notification obligations regarding their interests in the company. Disclaimer* RHI Magnesita N.V. 01 September 2026 RHI Magnesita N.V. ("RHI Magnesita" the "Company" or the "Group") Total Voting Rights In accordance with DTR 5.6 of the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules and Article 15 of the EU's Transparency Directive, RHI Magnesita announces that, as at 31 August 2026, its issued share capital consisted of 47,372,695 ordinary shares and 2,105,010 ordinary shares held in treasury. Excluding the 2,105,010 ordinary shares held in treasury, RHI Magnesita has shares in issue with aggregate voting rights of 47,372,695. The above figure (47,372,695) may be used by shareholders (and others with notification obligations) as the denominator for the calculation by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, RHI Magnesita under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. For further enquiries please contact: Alexander Ordosch, Head of Investor Relations Tel: +43 699 1870 6162 Email: alexander.ordosch@rhimagnesita.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RHI Magnesita N.V. (DI) (RHIM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 34 minutes ago Greatland Gold 1 hour ago Audioboom Group 14 hours ago Legal & General Group 16 hours ago Senior 16 hours ago Helios Underwriting All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and