BETA Close X RHI Magnesita N.V. announced on 7 November 2025 the appointment of Yasmin-Sarah Solmazer as an Employee Representative Director to its Board, effective 1 January 2026. Ms. Solmazer will serve a four-year term, succeeding Michael Schwarz, who is stepping down after eight years in the role. This change represents a routine governance update in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association and UKLR 6.4.6R. As no financial figures or strategic shifts were disclosed in relation to this board change, it is unlikely to have a material impact on the company's stock share price. Disclaimer* RHI Magnesita N.V. 07 November 2025 7 November 2025 RHI Magnesita N.V. ("RHI Magnesita" or the "Company" or "Group") Appointment of Employee Representative Director The Company has been informed today of an appointment by the German Works Council of an Employee Representative Director. In accordance with UKLR 6.4.6R, RHI Magnesita announces that Yasmin-Sarah Solmazer has been appointed as an Employee Representative Director of the Board, with effect from 1 January 2026, for a four-year term in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association. Yasmin-Sarah Solmazer replaces Michael Schwarz, who is stepping down from his role as an Employee Representative Director. The Board wishes him all the best and thanks him for his contribution over the last eight years. Furthermore, the Board welcomes Ms Solmazer and looks forward to her contribution as a representative of the workforce. There are no further disclosures to be made pursuant to UKLR 6.4.8R. For further enquiries, please contact: Alexander Ordosch, Head of Investor Relations Tel: +43 699 1870 6162 E ‐ mail: alexander.ordosch@rhimagnesita.com About RHI Magnesita RHI Magnesita is the leading global supplier of high-grade refractory products, systems and solutions which are critical for high-temperature processes exceeding 1,200°C in a wide range of industries, including steel, cement, non-ferrous metals and glass. With a vertically integrated value chain, from raw materials to refractory products and full performance-based solutions, RHI Magnesita serves customers around the world, with over 20,000 employees in 65 main production sites (including raw material sites), 12 recycling facilities and more than 70 sales offices. RHI Magnesita intends to leverage its leadership in terms of revenue, scale, product portfolio and diversified geographic presence to target strategically those countries and regions benefiting from more dynamic economic growth prospects. The Group is listed within the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) category ("ESCC") of the Official List of the London Stock Exchange (symbol: RHIM) and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 index, with a secondary listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse). For more information please visit: www.rhimagnesita.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RHI Magnesita N.V. (DI) (RHIM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and