Statement of consent to prepare abridged financial statements

All of the members of Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd have consented to the preparation of the abridged
statement of income and retained earnings and the abridged statement of financial position for the current year
ending 30 April 2019 in accordance with Section 444(2A) of the Companies Act 2006.

Company registration number: S$C410994

Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd

Unaudited filleted abridged financial statements

30 April 2019

Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd

Contents

Directors and other information

Accountants report

Abridged statement of financial position

Notes to the financial statements

Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd

Directors and other information

Directors

Company number

Registered office

Accountants

Mr Alasdair Rhind
Mrs Mandy Rhind

$C410994

4th Floor
Metropolitan House
31-33 High Street
Inverness

V1 1HT

Frame Kennedy
Metropolitan House
31 - 33 High Street
Inverness

11 1HT

Bankers Royal Bank of Scotland
19 High Street
Tain
IV19 1AD

Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd

Report to the board of directors on the preparation of the
unaudited statutory financial statements of Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd

Year ended 30 April 2019

In order to assist you to fulfil your duties under the Companies Act 2006, we have prepared for your approval the
financial statements of Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd for the year ended 30 April 2019 which comprise the
abridged statement of financial position and related notes from the company's accounting records and from
information and explanations you have given us.

As a practising member firm of ICAS, we are subject to its ethical and other professional requirements which are
detailed at http:/www.icas.com/accountspreparationguidance.

This report is made solely to the board of directors of Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd, as a body, in
accordance with the terms of our engagement letter. Our work has been undertaken solely to prepare for your
approval the financial statements of Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd and state those matters that we have
agreed to state to the board of directors of Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd as a body, in this report in
accordance with the requirements of ICAS as detailed at http://www.icas.com/accountspreparation guidance. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than Alasdair Rhind
(Funeral Director) Ltd and its board of directors as a body for our work or for this report.

It is your duty to ensure that Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd has kept adequate accounting records and to
prepare statutory financial statements that give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and
profit of Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd. You consider that Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd is exempt
from the statutory audit requirement for the year.

We have not been instructed to carry out an audit or a review of the financial statements of Alasdair Rhind (Funeral
Director) Ltd. For this reason, we have not verified the accuracy or completeness of the accounting records or
information and explanations you have given to us and we do not, therefore, express any opinion on the statutory
financial statements.

Frame Kennedy

Chartered Accountants

Metropolitan House
31 - 33 High Street
Inverness

V1 1HT

14 November 2019

Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd

Abridged statement of financial position

30 April 2019

Fixed assets
Intangible assets
Tangible assets

Current assets

Stocks

Debtors

Cash at bank and in hand

Creditors: amounts falling due

within one year

Net current liabilities

Total assets less current liabilities

Creditors: amounts falling due
after more than one year

Provisions for liabilities
Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital

Profit and loss account

Shareholders funds

Note

2019

£ £
100,000
150,233

250,233
18,500
79,414
2,495
100,409
(244,219)

(143,810)

106,423

(81,445)

(7,319)

17,659

100

17,559

17,659

2018

120,000
167,702

18,500
103,354
4,197

126,051

( 232,874)

287,702

( 106,823)

180,879

( 100,869)
(9,894)

70,116

100
70,016

70,116

For the year ending 30 April 2019 the company was entitled to exemption from audit under section 477 of the

Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

Directors responsibilities:

- The members have not required the company to obtain an audit of its financial statements for the year in question

in accordance with section 476;

- The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for complying with the requirements of the Act with respect to
accounting records and the preparation of financial statements.

These financial statements have been prepared and delivered in accordance with the provisions applicable to
companies subject to the small companies' regime and in accordance with FRS 102 'The Financial Reporting
Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland’.

In accordance with section 444 of the Companies Act 2006, the abridged statement of income and retained
earnings has not been delivered.

These financial statements were approved by the board of directors and authorised for issue on 14 November 2019
, and are signed on behalf of the board by:

Mr Alasdair Rhind

Director

Company registration number: SC410994

Alasdair Rhind (Funeral Director) Ltd

Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 30 April 2019

1. General information

The company is a private company limited by shares, registered in Scotland. The address of the registered office is
4th Floor, Metropolitan House, 31-33 High Street, Inverness, IV1 1HT.

2. Statement of compliance

These financial statements have been prepared in compliance with the provisions of FRS 102, Section 1A, ‘The
Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland’.

There are no material departures from the standard.
3. Accounting policies

Basis of preparation

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, as modified by the revaluation of certain
financial assets and liabilities and investment properties measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The financial statements are prepared in sterling, which is the functional currency of the entity.
Turnover

Turnover is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for goods supplied and services
rendered, net of discounts and Value Added Tax.

Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have transferred
to the buyer, usually on despatch of the goods; the amount of revenue can be measured reliably; it is probable that
the associated economic benefits will flow to the entity and the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the
transactions can be measured reliably.

Taxation

The taxation expense represents the aggregate amount of current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting
period. Tax is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in capital and reserves. In this case, tax is recognised in
other comprehensive income or directly in capital and reserves, respectively. Current tax is recognised on taxable
profit for the current and past periods. Current tax is measured at the amounts of tax expected to pay or recover
using the tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences at the reporting date. Unrelieved tax losses and other
deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that they will be recovered against the reversal
of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates and laws that
have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date that are expected to apply to the reversal of the
timing difference.

Goodwill

Goodwill arises on business acquisitions and represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the
company's interest in the net amount of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquired
business. Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. It is
amortised on a straight line basis over its useful life. Where a reliable estimate of the useful life of goodwill or
intangible assets cannot be made, the life is presumed not to exceed ten years.

Amortisation

Amortisation is calculated so as to write off the cost of an asset, less its estimated residual value, over the useful
life of that asset as follows:

Goodwill - 10 % straight line

If there is an indication that there has been a significant change in amortisation rate, useful life or residual value of
an intangible asset, the amortisation is revised prospectively to reflect the new estimates.

Tangible assets

tangible assets are initially recorded at cost, and are subsequently stated at cost less any accumulated
depreciation and impairment losses. Any tangible assets carried at revalued amounts are recorded at the fair value
at the date of revaluation less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment
losses. An increase in the carrying amount of an asset as a result of a revaluation, is recognised in other
comprehensive income and accumulated in capital and reserves, except to the extent it reverses a revaluation
decrease of the same asset previously recognised in profit or loss. A decrease in the carrying amount of an asset
as a result of revaluation is recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent of any previously recognised
revaluation increase accumulated in capital and reserves in respect of that asset. Where a revaluation decrease
exceeds the accumulated revaluation gains accumulated in capital and reserves in respect of that asset, the
excess shall be recognised in profit or loss.

Depreciation

Depreciation is calculated so as to write off the cost or valuation of an asset, less its residual value, over the useful
economic life of that asset as follows:

Freehold property - 10% straight line
Fittings fixtures and equipment - 20% - 25% reducing balance
Motor vehicles - 25% reducing balance

If there is an indication that there has been a significant change in depreciation rate, useful life or residual value of
tangible assets, the depreciation is revised prospectively to reflect the new estimates.

Impairment

A review for indicators of impairment is carried out at each reporting date, with the recoverable amount being
estimated where such indicators exist. Where the carrying value exceeds the recoverable amount, the asset is
impaired accordingly. Prior impairments are also reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date. When it is
not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, an estimate is made of the recoverable
amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. The cash-generating unit is the smallest identifiable
group of assets that includes the asset and generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows
from other assets or groups of assets. For impairment testing of goodwill, the goodwill acquired in a business
combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the cash-generating units that are expected to benefit
from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the company are
assigned to those units.

Stocks

Stocks are measured at the lower of cost and estimated selling price less costs to complete and sell. Cost includes
all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the stocks to their present location
and condition.

Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the entity has an obligation at the reporting date as a result of a past event; it is
probable that the entity will be required to transfer economic benefits in settlement and the amount of the obligation
can be estimated reliably. Provisions are recognised as a liability in the statement of financial position and the
amount of the provision as an expense. Provisions are initially measured at the best estimate of the amount
required to settle the obligation at the reporting date and subsequently reviewed at each reporting date and
adjusted to reflect the current best estimate of the amount that would be required to settle the obligation. Any
adjustments to the amounts previously recognised are recognised in profit or loss unless the provision was
originally recognised as part of the cost of an asset. When a provision is measured at the present value of the
amount expected to be required to settle the obligation, the unwinding of the discount is recognised in finance costs
in profit or loss in the period it arises.

Financial instruments
A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised only when the company becomes a party to the contractual

provisions of the instrument.

Basic financial instruments are initially recognised at the transaction price, unless the arrangement constitutes a
financing transaction, where it is recognised at the present value of the future payments discounted at a market
rate of interest for a similar debt instrument.

Debt instruments are subsequently measured at amortised cost.

Defined contribution plans

Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service
is provided. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that the prepayment will lead to a
reduction in future payments or a cash refund. When contributions are not expected to be settled wholly within 12
months of the end of the reporting date in which the employees render the related service, the liability is measured
ona discounted present value basis. The unwinding of the discount is recognised in finance costs in profit or loss in
the period in which it arises.

4. Employee numbers
The average number of persons employed by the company during the year amounted to 5 (2018: 5 ).

5. Intangible assets

£
Cost
At 1 May 2018 and 30 April 2019 200,000
Amortisation
At 1 May 2018 80,000
Charge for the year 20,000
At 30 April 2019 100,000
Carrying amount
At 30 April 2019 100,000

At 30 April 2018 120,000

6. Tangible assets

£
Cost
At 1 May 2018 324,525
Additions 16,495
At 30 April 2019 341,020
Depreciation
At 1 May 2018 156,823
Charge for the year 33,964
At 30 April 2019 190,787
Carrying amount
At 30 April 2019 150,233
At 30 April 2018 167,702

7. Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Included in the above are secured creditors as follows: Bank loan and overdraft of £61,208 secured by a floating
charge over the whole of the assets of the company. Hire purchase creditors of £31,997 secured by the asset
financed.

8. Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one year

Included in the above are secured creditors as follows: Bank loan of £51,109 secured by a floating charge over the
whole of the assets of the company. Hire purchase creditors of £30,336 secured by the asset financed.