Directorate Change RHI Magnesita N.V. 27 March 2025 RHI Magnesita N.V. ("RHI Magnesita" or the "Company" or "Group") DIRECTOR NOMINATION The Board is pleased to propose Franz-Ferdinand Buerstedde to the shareholders at the 2025 Annual General Meeting to be elected as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director. Franz-Ferdinand has been proposed by Rhône Capital, which has recently advised the Company that funds sponsored by Rhône Capital have indicated a current holding of approximately 24% of the Company's capital. Franz-Ferdinand joined Rhône Capital in 2004 and became a Managing Director in 2011. During his tenure at Rhône, he has been active in the sourcing, execution, and monitoring of investments in the business services, consumer, energy and general industrial sectors. Before joining Rhône, Franz-Ferdinand worked in the mergers and acquisitions department of Citigroup. Franz-Ferdinand currently serves as a non-executive director on the boards of MaxamCorp Holding S.L., Rexair LLC, Saks Global, and Sweet Oak Holdings LP. He previously served on the board of several Rhône portfolio companies, including Elizabeth Arden, Global Knowledge, Magnesita, Neovia Logistics, and Wahoo. Franz-Ferdinand holds a Masters in Management with distinction from ESCP-EAP European School of Management in Paris and a Masters in Finance with distinction from the London Business School. Prior to this, he served as second lieutenant in German Army Intelligence. Herbert Cordt, Chair of the Board, commented, "We look forward to welcoming Franz-Ferdinand onto the Board of RHI Magnesita and benefitting from his extensive experience." There are no further disclosures to be made pursuant to Listing Rule 6.4.8. An updated Notice of Annual General Meeting will be issued shortly. For further enquiries, please contact: Chris Bucknall, Head of Investor Relations Tel: +43 699 1870 6490 E ‐ mail: Chris.Bucknall@rhimagnesita.com Sally Caswell, Company Secretary Tel: +43 699 1870 6345 E-mail: sally.caswell@rhimagnesita.com About RHI Magnesita RHI Magnesita is the leading global supplier of high-grade refractory products, systems and solutions which are critical for high-temperature processes exceeding 1,200°C in a wide range of industries, including steel, cement, non-ferrous metals and glass. With a vertically integrated value chain, from raw materials to refractory products and full performance-based solutions, RHI Magnesita serves customers around the world, with over 20,000 employees in 65 main production sites (including raw material sites), 12 recycling facilities and more than 70 sales offices. RHI Magnesita intends to leverage its leadership in terms of revenue, scale, product portfolio and diversified geographic presence to target strategically those countries and regions benefiting from more dynamic economic growth prospects. The Group is listed within the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) category ("ESCC") of the Official List of the London Stock Exchange (symbol: RHIM) and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 index, with a secondary listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse). For more information please visit: www.rhimagnesita.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies RHI Magnesita N.V. (DI) (RHIM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 35 minutes ago Canal+ SA 49 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and