BETA Close X Mony Group PLC announced that on September 7, 2026, persons discharging managerial responsibilities, including Matthew Cresswell, Peter Duffy, and Matthew Whittle, purchased ordinary shares of the company. These transactions, executed on September 4, 2026, on the London Stock Exchange, involved purchases under the MONY Group PLC Share Incentive Plan at a price of £2.012 per share. Specifically, Matthew Cresswell acquired 74 shares, Peter Duffy acquired 75 shares, and Matthew Whittle acquired 49 shares. Disclaimer* Mony Group PLC 07 September 2026 MONY GROUP PLC ("THE COMPANY") PDMR DEALING NOTIFICATION The Company announces that it was notified on 7 September 2026 of the following acquisition ("Dealings") in the Company's ordinary shares of 0.02 pence each ("Shares") by Equiniti Share Plan Trustees Limited on behalf of Matthew Cresswell, Peter Duffy and Matthew Whittle who are persons discharging managerial responsibility in the Company. The Dealings took place on 4 September 2026 at a price of £2.012 per Share. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / persons closely associated a) Name Matthew Cresswell 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name MONY Group PLC b) LEI 54930016B7VO33FBE722 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 0.02p each GB00B1ZBKY84 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase under the MONY Group PLC Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.012 74 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A (Single Transaction) e) Date of the transaction 4 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / persons closely associated b) Name Peter Duffy 2 Reason for the notification c) Position/status Chief Executive Officer d) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name MONY Group PLC b) LEI 54930016B7VO33FBE722 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. g) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 0.02p each GB00B1ZBKY84 h) Nature of the transaction Purchase under the MONY Group PLC Share Incentive Plan i) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.012 75 j) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A (Single Transaction) k) Date of the transaction 4 September 2026 l) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / persons closely associated c) Name Matthew Whittle 2 Reason for the notification e) Position/status PDMR f) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name MONY Group PLC b) LEI 54930016B7VO33FBE722 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. m) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 0.02p each GB00B1ZBKY84 n) Nature of the transaction Purchase under the MONY Group PLC Share Incentive Plan o) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.012 49 p) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A (Single Transaction) q) Date of the transaction 4 September 2026 r) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange Name of authorised official of issuer responsible for making notification: Victoria Hands, Deputy Company Secretary Date of Notification: 7 September 2026 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moneysupermarket.com Group (MONY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and