BETA Close X MONY Group PLC announced board changes effective October 1, 2026, with Emma Lloyd appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director, bringing expertise in digital strategy and subscription models from her roles at Netflix and Sky Group, and previously at Ocado Plc. Concurrently, Sarah Warby will retire as a Non-Executive Director on October 2, 2026, after eight years of service. The company confirmed no further disclosure is required under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R for Emma Lloyd's appointment. Disclaimer* Mony Group PLC 20 July 2026 20 July 2026 MONY GROUP PLC (the "Company") Board Changes MONY Group PLC announces that, following a planned Board succession process, Emma Lloyd has been appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from 1 October 2026. Subject to regulatory references, Emma will be appointed a s a member of the Audit, Remuneration, Nomination and Risk & Sustainability Committees of the Board with effect from the same date. The Company also announces that Sarah Warby will retire from the Board and will step down as a Non-Executive Director with effect from 2 October 2026, having served on the Board for eight years. Jonathan Bewes, Chair of MONY Group, said: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Sarah for her significant contribution to MONY Group over the past eight years. Throughout her tenure, she has provided valuable insight, challenge and support to the Board and has played an important role in the Company's development and success. We wish her every success for the future. I am also delighted to welcome Emma to the Board, and we look forward to benefiting from her expertise and perspective as we continue to deliver our strategic priorities." Appointment of Emma Lloyd Emma is currently Vice President, Partnerships EMEA at Netflix and previously Chief Business Officer at Sky Group. She brings extensive experience in digital strategy, subscription business models and partnerships. Emma was previously a Non-Executive Director at Ocado Plc where she served for nine years until December 2025. The Company confirms that there is no information required to be disclosed pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R in relation to the appointment of Emma Lloyd. Enquiries MONY Group PLC Victoria Hands, Deputy Company Secretary 07843 057693 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moneysupermarket.com Group (MONY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 42 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and