Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Moneysupermarket
| Group
Mowet suream ANICET. Com C-dovF PLC

Helping
households
save money

ni |

14/05/2022 #107
COMPAN! IES HOUSE "
*AB3F7NKB* .
A03 6/05/2022 #234
COMPANIES HOUSE

>
<
fa]
«
=}
=
<
a
uw

Mone sure QA ARKET Com Crowe UC

[oy a>

Creating
value and
making
progress

Our strategy

i Efficient acqui

Retain and grow
Expand our offer

(

C

Retaining our
Delivering on our customers through
Read more about our financial performance strategic plan to our energy switching
‘on pages 26 to 32, expand our offer solutions,
, moon ‘
+t ie ‘
' s 24 to p25 s 22 to p23
< yee more on to ee more on to
Contents : °e 24 top e P22 to p:
be ul
Pn ee ul
Strategic Renee " Governance Financial Statements General
Pro Hh
2 202i Overview + + 64 . Chair's Introduction to Governance 112 _ Independent Audit Report 160 Shareholder
3 Investment Case 65 Governance at a Glance 119 Consolidated Statement of Information
4 Ata Glance | ty 66 Board of Directors Comprehensive income 161 Financial Calendar
6 Chair's Statement | 68 | ‘Governance Framework 120 Consolidated Statement 162 Glossary
8 Chief Executive's Review 69 , Corporate Governance Statement of Financial Position
10 Our Markét and Trends 80 Nomination Committee Report 121 Consolidated Statement
12 Our Business Model’ 84 " Audit Committee Report of Changes in Equity
14 Our Strategy 90 Risk Committee Report 122 Consolidated Statement of
18 Our Focus on Customers 92 Directors’ Remuneration Report Cash Flows
20 Strategy in Action 93 Remuneration Committee Report 124 Notes to the Consolidated
26 Financial Review 107 Directors’ Report Financial Statements.
34 Risk Management 154 Company Balance Sheet
38 Principal Risks & Uncertainties 155 Statement of Changes in Equity
40 Stakeholder Engagement 156 Notes to the Company

and Sustainability Financial Statements

( Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 1
M on€tSuPenn ALKET. Com awe TC
Revenue by segment
Insurance Money Home Services
£158.7m  £75.2m £68.1m
2020: £172.9m. 2020: £62.8m 2020: £103.2m,
Travel Cashback
£4.1m £10.6m
2020: £6.0m 2020: N/A
Financial highlights
Revenue (£m) Profit before tax (£m) Adjusted EBITDA' (£m)

£316.7m  £70.2m £100.5m

< 4
ager: me fe age

oe age e@e g ”

ay 5 & % g

va agege age EY age a

vie]
uel Basic éarnings per share (p) Adjusted earnings per share’ (p) Total dividend per share (p)

“ih 9.8p 11.9p 11.71p

a

5 3 =

1 Use of alternative performance measures (APMs) is detailed in the Financial Review on poge 26 and APMs are defined in the glossary on poge 162.

2 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2027

2021 Overview

Good strategic
progress amid

challenging markets

Operational highlights

Revenue down 8% (down 11% bd
excluding Quidco) - Home Services
heavily impacted by wholesale energy
prices, Insurance performance softer,
Money performance strong

Gross margin up c.4%pts driven by
more efficient customer acquisition
and improved conversion in car
insurance and borrowing

Adjusted EBITDA down 7% with cost
increases from acquisitions and staff
incentives partly offset by operational
efficiencies

Profit before tax down further
due to adjusting items charges for
acquisitions

Operating cashflow of £65.7m

was strong, although tower cash
conversion reflected one-off working
capital outflows; net debt reflects
purchase of Quidco in November

Full-year dividend maintained at 11.71p,
reflecting good cash conversion and
confidence in growth prospects

Helped households save an estimated
£1.6bn

Good progress delivering strategy:

- More efficient customer
acquisition including improved
PPC bidding capabilities and new
MoneySuperMarket brand campaign
Data transformation nearing
completion, laying foundations
for product innovation

= Quidco acquisition adds cashback
to the Group; CYT! acquisition gives
full control of certain insurance
journeys; TravelSupermarket merged
with Icelolly.com, positioning the
Group better for the travel recovery

Announced our commitment to reach
net zero by 2030; remained ‘Beyond
Carbon Neutral, offsetting 150% of our
carbon footprint

Ranked first on the Hampton-Alexander
Review Women on Boards’ report;
number 21 on the Inclusive Companies
Top 50 UK Employer List

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 3

Investment Case

Moneysupermarket Group is a

Why invest in successful digital marketplace business,
driven by a clear purpose of helping
Moneysupermarket households save money. Our leading
Group? brands play a vital role for consumers
and providers, underpinned by a highly
profitable, asset-light business model

Leading and We have a Group net promoter score of 72. Within that, Net promoter score
MoneySuperMarket, one of the UK's leading price comparison
trusted brands sites, scores at 70, and MoneySavingExpert, one of the UK's biggest
consumer finance websites, scores at 88.
(2020: 72)
Data-driven We offer users the tools, services and products to save money as. Providers
they switch and spend, with millions of users making savings with
marieeplace Group brands in 2021. Our success-based fee revenue model gives +
providing value our providers and merchants a cost-efficient way to access millions
to consumers of users.
and providers (2020: 1,000+)
Growth from core Prior to COVID-19, we forecast our core markets (car, home, life and Estimated core market
and new markets travel insurance; credit cards and loans; and energy) to grow at mid- growth p.a.
single digit rates on average, and we expect those markets to resume
similar growth once recovered. The Group has the opportunity to
gain market share through efficient acquisition, better retention and = _I%
cross-sell, and by expanding our offer into adjacent markets.
(2020: 4-5%)
Our financial model is highly profitable, strongly cash generative Operating cash flow
ati * _ and capital light. In 2021 we delivered £65.7m operating cash
allocation,and "flow and have continued to pay a dividend of £62.8m throughout
stronglycash he pandome m
generative .
ee) ‘ 4 (2020: £83.9m)
1
Purpose-driven +, | Our purpose is to help households save money and all ur brands MSCIESG rating (2021)*
* enable ubers to make significant savings on their household bills
organisation driving | and purttiases. MoneySavingExpert is a consumer champion that
benefits to society « i provides valuable advice to millions of UK users every year.
‘ " {| We are a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index, and are accredited (2020: A)

‘ as ‘Beyond Carbon Neutral’

; * based on an industry-relative
The Group has been recognised at number 21 on the inclusive aacecscole

Top 50 UK Employer List.

Strong Our business fundamentals remain strong and differentiated, In
ifferenti addition to leading brands, we combine high margins and strong

differentiated cash flows with an asset-ight approach, We benefit from an efficient

model mix of marketing, publishing and B2B business models to attract a :

variety of users. Our proprietary comparison technologies provide
flexibility as well as a high barrier to competitive entry.

For further information on our business model see pages 12 to 13.

4 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Ata Glance

Who we are
Moneysupermarket Group is

a successful business driven
by a clear purpose of helping
households save money

What we do

The Group operates leading UK price comparison sites for Insurance, Money, Home Services, Travel and other products.
Our purpose is to help households save money by giving them access to free online tools that enable them to compare and
switch products. We operate a marketplace business model, matching consumers to providers in an efficient way for both

sides. Consumers can come to a single site, answer a simple question set and let us do the work of providing them with a wide
che of relevant products. For providers it is a cost-effective and flexible way to access millions of customers. With the recent
acquisition of Quidco, the Group now helps users earn cashback on online spending whilst also providing an attractive customer
acquisition channel to merchants.

Our key verticals

Insurance Money Home Services Travel Cashback
Households are able to Users of MoneySuperMarket Customers are able to TravelSupermarket helps Quidco helps users
save money ona number of and MoneySavingExpert. —_ save money on a broad people to save moneyon —_earncashback on
Gifferent insurance products are able to compare a wide range of products including their holiday. Customers can_ their online’spending.
including: car, travel, life,» range of credit cards, loans, broadband, energy, landline compare package holidays, with transacting
home and pet insurance. ‘Savings, Current accounts and mobile phones. As Car rental, flights, hotels users purchasing on

: and mortgage products. well as comparing on and a variety of travel costs, average 11.3 times in
In 2021, car and home 1 + The sites also provide MoneySuperMarket and including travelinsurance, the year. One of the
insurance revenue fell “users with dccess to their — MoneySavingExpert, our transfers and airport parking, UK leading cashback
against’a backdrop of credit scores and provide switching services for energy, services, it has over
a softer market and stinformation on topics such broadband and mobile are TravelSupermarket merged 10 million registered
intensifying competitor _* as mortgage affordability, available on over 40 external withicelolly.com in 2021. _usersin the UKand
activity, although we the different types of brands via Decision Tech. icelolly.com offers a holiday _ since its foundation
delivered gross margin rate _ ‘lending, and household comparison and deals site has helped users earn
gains in all main channels.‘ budgeting. | Home Services revenue was that allows customersto aver £500 million
Travel insurance beganto impacted by significantly compare millions of holidays in cashback.

recover in the second half. — Money performed well in elevated wholesale prices from the UK's leading travel
2021, with strong conversion which removed all switchable companies and access
in our borrowing channels. tariffs from the market from _ attractive deals.

mid October.
Revenue
£158.7m £75.2m £68.1m £4.1m £10.6m
(2020: £172.9m) (2020: £62.8m) (2020: £103.2m) (2020: £6.0m) (2020: N/A)

Adjusted EBITDA contribution

£94.7m £50.8m £33.2m £(0.9)m £1.8m

(2020: £98.3m) (2020: £36.8m) (2020: £53.5m) (2020: £0.7m) (2020; N/A)

Strategic Report

Delivered through our leading brands

Governance

‘The MoneySuperSeven. More ways to save more money’
MoneySuperMarket is a leading UK price comparison website
that enables consumers to compare and switch Insurance,
Money and Home Services products. Our offer is extremely
broad and, relative to our peers, we operate more of our core
comparison journeys ourselves (see pages 20 to 21).

Active users

10.0m

(2020: 11.5m)

‘Cutting your costs, fighting your corner’
MoneySavingExpert is one of the UK's biggest consumer finance
websites, dedicated to helping consumers save money on bills
and campaigning for financial justice. It also offers whole-of-
market comparison services and is highly trusted by its users.
YouGov consistently assesses MoneySavingExpert to be the most
recommended brand in the UK (see page 18).

Weekly email
subscribers

8.2m

(2020: 7.5m)

Financial Statements

‘Simple, no catch, no hidden charges, highest cashback rates’
Quidco is a leading cashback site which offers users cashback on
nearly 5,000 popular brands.

See pages 24 to 25 for more information.

Average transaction
frequency per annum
per active user

11.3

(2020: N/A)

“Compare to save money’

TravelSupermarket compares the best travel deals in one

place, including holidays, flights, car hire, hotels and insurance.
The TravelSupermarket blog provides travel advice, guidance and
holiday inspiration.

‘Compare millions of cheap holidays’
icelolly.com is an online travel intermediary specialising in
holiday-comparison and deals."

See pages 24 to 25 for more information.

TSM holiday enquiries

4.9m

(2020: 8.3m)

icellolly.com
email subscribers

: “Connecting you with the best products and services’

Decisiofi Tech is a leading UK price comparison platform. Its aim

is to create destination digital experiences that help brands to
connect their customers with the very best products and services
at the exact point at which they need them. Decision Tech operates
industry-leading B28 comparison technology for third-party brands.

No. of visitors to
DT's B2B platform

9.0m

(2020: 9.4m)

5

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC

t
ft, «

Chair's Statement

Our Group purpose of helping
households save money
remains as relevant as ever.

The COVID-19 pandemic, energy crisis and
uncertain economic outlook have only
heightened the financial strain and uncertainty
faced by UK consumers. | am pleased to report
that the Group has once more helped out,
saving households £1.6bn in 2021

The year again saw challenging conditions
in some of our main markets, with ongoing
pandemic issues continuing to constrain

our travel-related businesses. In addition,

an unprecedented rise in energy wholesale
prices created further headwinds. The
Giversity of our product offering once again
Proved a major,strength in the face of

such disruption. Our Insurance dnd Money !
verticals both performed robustly in markets
which remained more stable. Our brands
rose to the challenge again, providing useful
advice and savings tips to millions. As ever,
we helped millions find the best insurance
policies and financial products to suit their
needs. Within travel, TravelSupermarket

kept users regularly updated on the latest
restrictions, while MoneySavingExpert
advised on cheap COVID-19 test availability
and MoneySuperMarket offered enhanced
comparison for COVID-19 cover within

travel insurance policies. In the midst of
energy market turmoil, MoneySavingExpert
helped users make difficult decisions around
their bills and providers. In the year of the
COP26 summit, MoneySavingExpert also
expanded its coverage of green issues, guiding
users towards environmentally supportive
moneysaving solutions,

We also delivered well against our strategy,
enhancing our data infrastructure, technology
platform and marketing capabilities. On the

Delivering
with purpose

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

in tough times

Robin Freestone

Revenue (£m)

£316.7m

Adjusted EBITDA! (£m)

£100.5m

Profit before tax

£70.2m

Total dividend per share

11.71p

1 Adjusted EBITDA is operating profit before depreciation, amortisation and impairment and adjusted for other non-
underlying costs. This is consistent with how business performance is measured internolly on poges 26 to 33.

inorganic front, we completed the acquisition
of CYTI in January, which operates our travel,
life and pet insurance journeys; We merged
TravelSupermarket with icelolly.com, forming
the Ice Travel Group in which we retain a
majority stake and late in the year we acquired
Quidco, marking a diversification into cashback
- another way to help households save money.

As a Group we continue to adapt to new
working practices, transitioning smoothly
through the year between home working and
a hybrid model, The hard work of our people,
led by our strong management team, has again
generated substantial value for users and
stakeholders. The breadth and diversity of our
product range underpins the performance of
the Group, and our cash generative financial
model allows us to maintain the dividend,
despite market headwinds.

The Board has received regular updates from
the Executive team on our operations, how we
are supporting employees and the community,
and the mitigation of risks to our business.

The Board has considered and monitored

the potential impacts of the potential risks

and impacts of macro-economic disruption

to our end markets, including continued
COVID-19 and energy market volatility, as well
as regulatory change and data security breach
scenarios, in particular upon the Group's
business, financial position and liquidity. This
activity included modelling severe but plausible,
downside scenarios using stress testing and

scenario analysis techniques. These models
showed that, while there would be a financial
impact, none of the scenarios would result in
an impact to the Group's expected liquidity,
solvency or debt covenants that could not be
addressed by mitigating actions. As a result,
we do not consider there to be a threat to
the Group's long-term financial resilience,
‘Adcitional detail can be found in our Viability
Statement on page 31

Our role in society

During the year we continued to ensure

that the stakeholders’ voice is heard in

the Boardroom. Our Group strategy is
underpinned by a culture that encourages
our people to consider the impact we have
individually and as a company on stakeholders.
‘That includes our focus on employee welfare
and mental wellbeing at work, donating our
time and efforts to raise funds for The Prince's
Trust, and reducing our carbon footprint in
an effort to ensure a sustainable future for

all. Whilst the Group continued to operate

a hybrid model of working, Board members
ensure that they are regularly spending time
talking directly to employees, whether virtually
or in person, in order to ensure they remain
connected to our people. Sarah Warby, our
Non-Executive Director Employee Champion,
regularly updates the Board on key topics
raised by employees,

Our Board believes that active management
of Environmental, Social and Governance
matters plays a key role in supporting the

Strategic Report

“2021 was a year of good strategic progress
despite the challenges in our markets.

We remain confident in our strategy and the
growth prospects of the business, supported
by our inclusive and innovative culture”

Robin Freestone
Chair

Group's strategy, long-term performance and
the sustainability of the business. This is why

| am delighted to report that not only did the
Group remain Beyond Carbon Neutral in 2021,
we went one step further and announced
our commitment to become net zero by
2030. Whilst the impact of climate change has
limited direct effects on our business model
and strategy in the short to medium-term,
the Board recognises that climate change
May present potential risks and opportunities
to our business in the longer term. Further
information on this, and our stakeholder
engagement more generally, can be found

on pages 40 to 45.

The Board

Succession planning has been an area of
focus for the Board in 2021 and this focus will
continue into 2022. As part of this process,
the Nomination Committee will review the
composition and tenure of the Board.

As previously indicated, Sally James, our longest
serving Non-Executive Director, will step down
as a Non-Executive Director following the
Annual General Meeting on 5 May; Sally will
have served on the Board for nine years. Sally
was also the Senior Independent Director and
1am pleased to confirm that Caroline Britton,
subject to regulatory approval, has agreed to
act as the Senior Independent Director.

| was pleased to welcome Lesley Jones to

the Board, Lesley joined the Group as a
Non-Executive Director in September 2021
and, subject to regulatory approval, will take
‘over the role of Chair of the Risk Committee
following Sally James’ departure. You can read
more about Lesley's background on pages 66
to67.

Recent governance requirements have
made diversity a focus in every company's
succession planning. Our Board collectively
possesses a broad range of experience, skills
and knowledge from various backgrounds
which support the strategic and operational
direction of the Group. ! am proud that

our Board currently consists of a majority
of female members, which far exceeds

the 33% recommended by the Hampton-
Alexander Review.

2021 performance

Our business model again proved resilient,
despite market headwinds, reinforcing our
confidence for the future. COVID-19 continued
to impact, affecting both travel insurance and
Ice Travel Group, though consumer lending
markets loosened gradually following the
tightening of credit in 2020. Rising wholesale
energy prices slowed the energy switching
market before closing it completely from mid-
October, when providers removed tariffs from
the market.

These factors, combined with lower savings on
Car insurance, reduced the estimated savings
generated for customers to £1.6bn (2020:
£2.0bn). Group revenue decreased by 8%
from £344.9m to £316.7m, adjusted EBITDA
fell by 7% from £107.8m to £100.5m and
profit before tax declined by 20% to £70.2m.
We generated good cash flow, with operating
ash flow of £65.7m, and paid out ordinary
dividends of £62.8m to shareholders

Read more about our Strategy on pages 14
and 17.

Innovating our business

Much of our focus in 2021 was to consolidate
and improve foundational aspects of the
Group, particularly in data, technology and
marketing. At the same time, we continued

to develop new consumer propositions,

taking learnings from MoneySavingExpert’s
2020 energy innovations to develop and
launch a "super-switch” energy proposition on
MoneySuperMarket. This retains user details
to enable a simple and fast re-switch journey in
subsequent years. We also developed a “value-
led” energy journey on MoneySuperMarket,
helping users find the right deal for them,
rather than just the cheapest. Together

with the "Pick Me A Tariff" service launched

on MoneySavingExpert in 2020, we believe
these solutions position the Group with the
leading energy propositions in the price
comparison market.

Our mortgages proposition expanded further,
adding a third decision-in-principle re-mortgage
lender, and we advanced into decision-in-
principle home purchasing as well. Our new

Governance Financial Statements

marketing campaign for MoneySuperMarket,
introducing the MoneySuperSeven, clearly
‘speaks to both our purpose and the breadth
of the MoneySuperMarket offer,

Further detail on how innovation supports our
‘strategy can be found in the CEO's Review on
Pages 8 to 9 and Our Strategy on pages 14
to17.

Capital allocation

Our good level of cash generation and robust
balance sheet was a factor in the Board's
decision to recommend a final dividend of

8.61p per share (2020: 8.61p). During 2021, the
Group moved into a net debt position with the
acquisition of Quidco, but still finished the year
with net debt (including deferred consideration)
at a reasonable 0.6x adjusted EBITDA. We
remain confident of the future prospects of the
Group and recognise the importance placed on
the dividend by our shareholders. If approved
by shareholders at the forthcoming Annual
General Meeting, the final dividend will bring
the total dividend for the year to 11.71p (2020:
11.711p) per ordinary share. The final dividend
will be paid on 12 May 2022 to all shareholders
on the register on 1 April 2022.

In the future, when we have significant surplus
capital and there are no short-term organic

or acquisitive growth opportunities available,
we will again consider returning these surplus
funds to shareholders through a “special
distribution’, in accordance with our capital
allocation policy.

Looking ahead

As we progress into 2022, we will continue to
execute effectively against our strategy and our
growth plans, creating innovative propositions
underpinned by advanced data capabilities
and an inclusive, open culture. Although

some improvement in the travel market may
reasonably be expected this year, we do not
anticipate a return to more normal switching
conditions in energy before 2023. However we
remain well placed to take advantage of those
conditions as they arise.

Robin Freestone
Chair
16 February 2022

8 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC

Chief Executive's Review

Overview
We executed well against our

strategy as we delivered major .

upgrades to our capa ies,
building a better, broader
and more efficient Group.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Progressing
our platform

Peter Duffy

Estimated customer savings across
the Moneysupermarket Group

£1.6bn

Our data transformation, including the
transition to Google Cloud Platform, is
nearing completion. We are moving towards
a more centralised, flexible and re-deployable
tech platform. We also made strong progress
in efficient customer acquisition which,
combined with better conversion in car
insurance and Money, delivered good gross
margin improvement. These changes have
allowed us to simplify our organisation -
driving greater agility and pace.

In 2021 we expanded and diversified the
Group in line with our strategy. We entered
the high-engagement cashback category
with the acquisition of Quidco, and took full
control of our life, travel and pet insurance
journeys by acquiring CYTI. We combined
TravelSupermarket and icelolly.com, which
positions the Group well for the return.

of travel.

Some end markets were challenging in
2021, particularly travel and energy, with
an inevitable impact on performance, We
are better placed than ever for recovery in
these markets, and to grow our business
more broadly.

Adjusted EBITDA and profit before tax
declined by 7% and 20% respectively. Both
declines reflect difficult market conditions
in energy in particular, while profit before
tax reduced further due to adjusting items.
charges for acquisitions. Gross margin grew
well, by around 400 basis points, driven

by more efficient acquisition, improved
conversion in our Money vertical, and
changes in our channel mix.

Revenue per active user
(MSM)

£16.90m

Our platform

At the heart of our strategy is a reorientation
towards a savings-led technology platform.
We are proud of our distinct and compelling
Group brands that help households save
Money with different products and in
different ways: from insurance to energy

to retail and travel; from switching to
cashback; and through the financial
guidance of MoneySavingExpert. But our
underlying infrastructure has not been well
aligned across the Group. In energy, for
example, we had three technology stacks
providing switching capabilities on different
Group brands.

By contrast, we now develop our technology
and capabilities once, at a Group level

That means a single, common platform
underpinning all our brands. It means we
require less resource for maintenance

and development; we can update the
platform just once, before easily redeploying
everywhere; and yet we retain the ability

to overlay different user experiences as
needed. We also build for shareability,
meaning we can add further in-house brands
over time, or provide our services to B2B
partner brands. In Home Services, where
this platform approach is most advanced, we
already provide switching services to forty
external brands.

In 2021 much of our focus was on
consolidating and enhancing our data
infrastructure, which is nearing completion,
while also moving to a common switching
platform for energy. In 2022 we are shifting
our focus to do the same in insurance.

Strategic Report

“We made good progress in the year, delivering
well against our strategy. Our work on more
efficient acquisition has delivered strong gross

margin improvements"

Peter Duffy
Chief Executive Officer

This work has brought efficiencies and will
Continue to do so. The consolidation of our
data estate has cut complexity, as has the
implementation of a new CRM platform.
Within Home Services, we have moved from
eight to five technology squads, and expect
to reduce this further, freeing up talent to
be redeployed on innovation. We have also
redesigned further parts of our organisation
to simplify processes, remove layers and
accelerate change.

Our brands

We enjoy leading positions in growing
markets with significant headroom and our
brands are firmly trusted by our customers,
as demonstrated by our strong net promoter
score of 72.

MoneySuperMarket (‘MSM’) had 10.0m
active users in 2021, helping consumers
save £1.6bn on their household bills. This
was despite a suppressed travel insurance
market, reduced savings levels in car
insurance and negligible energy switching
from the autumn onwards. in September
we launched a new marketing campaign for
MSM: the MoneySuperSeven is an engaging
and flexible creative concept that clearly
conveys the brand's purpose and breadth.
We are pleased with the initial response
and will back this campaign further in 2022,
returning our above-the-line spend to

2020 levels.

MoneySavingExpert (‘MSE’) continued to
provide advice to millions of users. YouGov
again rated MSE the most recommended
brand in the UK, ahead of over 1,700 brands
in more than forty categories, and MSE was
awarded Consumer Money Title of the Year
at the Headline Money Awards. During the
year we updated the site's visual identity
and navigation, and introduced ‘green’
moneysaving guides in several areas, MSE
also continued its successful consumer
campaigns, for example calling for the
regulation of Buy Now, Pay Later products,
which was accepted by the Woolard

Review and subsequently the Treasury.

In the coming months, we will launch a car

insurance ‘multi-comparison’ proposition on
MSE featuring tips and hints to help guide
users to the best policy and price for them.
The combination of TravelSupermarket and
Icelolly.com into Ice Travel Group (TG),
majority owned by the Group, completed in
September. ITG will benefit from revenue and
cost synergies as well as strong combined
management. It leaves the Group well placed
to benefit from the travel recovery.

In November we acquired Quidco, the UK's
second largest cashback site, expanding
the Group into a high engagement category
(Quidco’s transacting members purchase
on average 11 times a year) in line with our
purpose of helping households save money.
We are excited by the potential of the brand
and the opportunity to leverage the Group
data, technology and marketing platform to
drive further improvements.

People and culture

| continue to be impressed by the passion
and commitment of our employees as we
deliver our purpose of saving households
money. Reinforcing our inclusive culture is a
Priority for me, and one that is championed

by several of our Employee Resource Groups.

| wish to thank them, as well as employees
throughout the business, for continuing to
help move our culture forward.

We remain committed to embracing
and promoting diversity, inclusion and
equal opportunities. In February 2021,

the Group was ranked first on the most
recent Hampton-Alexander Review Women
on Boards’ report for its 62.5% female
representation which has since increased to
66.7%. In 2021 we also were recognised as
number 21 on the Inclusive Companies Top
50 UK Employer List.

Social impact

Helping households save money and
supporting our wider community is at the
heart of what we do, In 2021 we announced
our commitment to reach net zero by 2030.
In the meantime, we continue to be ‘Beyond
Carbon Neutral, offsetting 150% of our

Governance Financial Statements

carbon footprint, and in March joined forces
with other leading UK tech companies to
found the Tech Zero taskforce.

We also extended our partnership with the
Prince's Trust for another year: in 2021,

the Group donated £100,000 to the Trust,
including the proceeds from colleague
fundraising activities. We also supported
local charities, donating £33,000 to various
local causes including food banks, hospices
and refuge centres. Our Ewloe catering
team delivered 45,000 meals to homeless.
and vulnerable people in the community.
MSE donated £100,000 to the MSE Charity,
which provides grants of up to £7,500 to UK
not-for-profit groups that provide education,
information and support to help people
manage their money better.

Outlook

The ongoing uncertainty around the
pandemic, high energy wholesale prices

and the wider economic outlook makes

our services even more valuable to the UK
consumer. Following the Quidco acquisition
we can help households save money in more
ways than ever before. We have already built
‘stronger foundations for the business and

in 2022 will ratchet up innovation to help
more consumers switch more products.

We look forward to delivering once again

for customers, providers and investors.

Peter Duffy
Chief Executive Officer
16 February 2022

Virky

9

10 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC

Our Market and Trends

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Trends in our chosen markets

We have a diverse mix of growth opportunities within our various markets.

Price Comparison
(Overall market)

Trends

Impact

Opportunities

Brands affected

Regulatory focus

Greater focus from governmental and
regulatory bodies on empowering
customers.

Regulation will become
an increasingly important
feature of the price
comparison sector.

Regulation empowering customers to save
money is fully aligned with our purpose
of helping households save money. Such
regulation can generate additional demand,
as we saw when the energy price cap was
introduced, and also facilitate the switching
Process, for example with faster energy
switching or by changing insurance auto-
renewal protocols (see below).

Ongoing shift to mobile
Consumers are increasingly accessing
price comparison services on

mobile devices,

Comparison beyond price
Providing greater and better information
to users beyond just price.

Advisory propositions

Propositions that recommend products
or even execute the switch for the
consumer have started to emerge.

with higher frequency of switching.
tei cqwencty Of switching

Insurance

Mobile browsing presents a
greater challenge in terms.
of both collecting and
communicating information
on a smaller device. Screen
display size makes paid links
relatively more prominent
when searching on a mobile,
impacting acquisition
source mix.

Simultaneous comparison
across multiple factors can
be challenging to present
Clearly to the user.

“Do it for me” propositions
could disrupt the status quo
and rapidly gain scale.

The growth in mobile apps presents

an opportunity for the Group to attract
direct, low-cost, repeat traffic - as we do
already through the MoneySuperMarket
and Quidco apps. App notifications also
represent a further, direct communication
channel. Finally, the growth of new app
Propositions allows us to reach further
users via our B2B services.

Today price comparison focuses heavily on
price. The cheapest policy is not always the
right one though, and price comparison
sites can improve the additional information
they provide to help users assess value. We
already offer comparison across a broader
set of metrics via MSE’s Pick Me A Tariff
energy journey and now MSM's energy
‘super-switch, which allow customers to
weight their preference between different
factors including but not limited to price

Advisory propositions are generally more
heavily regulated than our current model.
But they also represent a potential long-
term evolution of the price comparison
model to one that is more automated,

FCA pricing regulations

In January 2022 the FCA introduced
regulations to stop “price walking” by
insurers in car and home insurance.
This was part of a package of measures
expected to ensure that insurance

products offer fair value to consumers.
Yoeok ,

The removal of introductory
discounts may increase
prices for switchers. With
renewal prices closer to
(market) new business
prices, we could see a lower

“propensity to switch.

The “price-walking” reforms provide some
Protection to consumers, however, as has
proven to be the case with the energy price
cap, it often remains in a customer's interest
to switch.

The auto-renewal changes will help
customers by removing a pain point from
today's switching journey.

tit Sl
Insurance premiums oo
Average car insurance premiums have
reduced since COVID-19 reduced traffic
levels and therefore accidents, while’home
insurance premiums have similarly declined.
We expect this to-réverse over time.

Premium deflation generally
acts to reduce enquiry
volumes.

i

AS inflation returns we should see higher
enquiries in the market. By making

our journeys as smooth and efficient

as possible, we can capitalise on this
increased demand.