Registered no: 6160943

Money super market.com Gvoup PRC

Moneysupermarket

WLAN

Reinventing |
price comparison

0/05/2019
OMPANIES HO!

30/05/2019
COMPANIES HO!
*A8568W2B*

COMPANIES HOUSE

WHAT WE DO

Through our well-established, trusted
and leading brands, we are committed
to providing our customers with the services,
tools and products they need to make the
most of their money.

Visit our website
@ htp://corporate.moneysupermarket.com

Strategic Report

7 2018 Highights

— ~ 7 of Comprehensive Income
4 Chairs Statement == = —
a en 88 Consolidated Statement of Financial

|
| 2 AtaGlance 87 Consolidated Statement
| Chief Executive's Review

6 Position |
a 89 Consolidated Statement of Changes |
, 10 Our Business Model __in Equity a
| 42 Our customer journey 90 Corsotidated Statement of Cash

- - Flows

14 Strategy im Action a |
4 Sreteay in Acton gg Notes to the Consolidated Financial
18 Our Brands Statements

, 24 Financial Review 114

Company Balance Sheet |

29 Risk Management 15

116 Notes to the Company =inanciat i
Staterents

General

TT 120 Shareholder information
38 Chair's introduction to Governance = =

1BC Financial Calendar '

42 Corporate Governance Report
48 Audit Committee Report

|

i

|

i

| 40 Board of Directors
; =

|

i

|

|

54 Nomination Committee Report

60 Directors’ Remuneration Report

|
| 75 Directors’ Report
| 79

|
|
|
$7 Risk Committee Report

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Arrival Report and Accounts 2018

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
» Group revenue increased by 8% to £355.6m

> Group adjusted EBITDA* increased by 2% to
£129.4m

> Group profit before tax increased by 11% to
£106.9m

Group profit after tax increased by 11% to £86.6m
> Final dividend up 7% to 8.10p per share

> Total dividend for the year up 6% to 11,05p per
share

> Basic earnings per share increased by 13% to 16.2p
per share

> Adjusted earnings per share* increased by 3% to
17.4p per share

>£40m enhanced distribution in 2019

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Year 1 of Reinvent strategy complete
>» Estimated customer savings of £2.1bn

> Completed build out of our product engineering
hub in Manchester

> Launched Credit Monitor app to drive
personalised recommendations

> Launched proactive policy monitoring service
> Decision Tech acquired in August

> Invested in Podium, a fintech joint venture, which
is focused on developing a new digital mortgage
journey

2 Established employee resource groups to support
grass roots diversity and inclusion initiatives

+ Jse of alte:nar-ve pertormance measures is detaied in the
Financia Review on page 24

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Revenue (£m)

355.6

“8%

Profit before tax (£m)

106.9

*11%

Basic earnings per share (p)

16.2

*13%

‘Adjusted EBITDA® (Em)

129.4

*2%

Adjusted earnings per share*(p) Total P

17.4 11.05

~3% -6%

woday 21893e135

anuPusano9,

squawarels [eueUl4

AT A GLANCE

Set out below is a summary of our key strategic initiatives, our

achievements during 2018, how we measure our progress and what

risks could disrupt us from delivering on our strategic initiatives.

Strategic Business What have we been Our
Initiatives Model doing in 2018 Future
© Trusted brands * Product engineering hub scaledin Permanent Manchester office move

Manchester.
* Talent
Customer © Dedicated squads optimising the
Experience customer experience across.
Optimisation Insurance, Money and Home Services. ¢
© Conversion rates increased in all
major categories.
* Data driven © Introduced proactive policy .
1 aggregation monitoring where customers can .
. store key policy details and these are
Personalised Trusted brands then checked against offers in the
MSM « Talent market to identify the best deal.
* Operational * Launched Credit Monitor app where
leverage we use a customer's credit file to.

provide personalised
recommendations

© Data driven © Acquired Decision Tech in August .
aggregation which provides leading B2B price and
Take Price «Trusted brands product comparison capabilities
Comparison . © ~MoneySuperMarket powered energy
to the user * Provider switching on the Yolt Open Banking
relationships app.
© Scalable
platform
© Trusted brands © Entered into a joint venture .

arrangement to form a new fintech,

* Provider
der Podium, which is working on the
Morreage relationships digitisation of mortgages. .
Comparison * Talent © New customer front end journey live
+ Scalable on remortgage journey with the
platform foundations to deliver product

eligibility.

© Fer states Prorties and KP goto page:
© Fer turiness Model go to page: 10
© Fer Financia Review goro page: 24

© ForPrincpa ss & Uncertainties ot page32

in 2019 with our product and
technology resources located ina
single location

Strong roadmap to continually
optimise the customer experience,
particularly on a mobile.

MoneySuper Market brand relaunch

Proactive policy monitoring moving
to core MoneySuperMarket site.

Focused on adding
Moneysupermarket Group products
to Decision Tech's 828 sales
proposition, leading with energy.

Implement product eligibility
enhancements to the mortgage
journey

Focus on deeper broker and lender

integration to improve the mortgage
journey experience.

2 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Ac

ants 2018

Principal Risks
& Uncertainties

* Competitive environment and
consumer demands

© Brand strength and reputation
© Business transformation

* Economic conditions

* Regulation

© Competitive environment and
consumer demands

* Business transformation
* Relevance to partners

*© Competitive environment and
consumer demands

* Business transformation
* Relevance to partners

* Competitive environment and
consumer demands

* Business transformation
© Relevance to partners
© Regulation

Key Performance
Indicators

Estimated customer savings

Calculated by multiplying sales volume against
the average saving per product for core
channels, the balance of the calculation

1s a Company estimation

Active users

The number of unique accounts running
enquiries in our core seven MoneySuperMarket
channels (car insurance, home insurance,

life surance, credit cards, loans and energy)
inthe prior twelve month period

Marketing margin

The inverse relationship between revenue
and total marketing spend represented as
2 percentage.

Net promoter score

‘The twelve monthly rolling average (1 Jan 2018

= 31 Dec 2018 inclusive, excluding Decision
Technologies Limited) measured by YouGov
Brand index service Recommend Score weighted
by revenue to create a Group-wide NPS.

Revenue per active user
The revenue for the core seven
MoneySuperMarket channels divided by
the number of active users.

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report snd Accounts 2018

qioday 218a1e135

aQueUsaAoS,

squawarers jemueuly

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

Making good progress

on strategy

Our well-established, trusted and leading brands give us
significant strength, breadth and diversity, generating

growth and increasing the predictability of the business.
All of our brands are consistent in their ambition ‘To help

households save money’.

We have made good progress
on our Reinvent strategy which
is designed to reaccelerate core
growth and unlock new market
growth.

This will be my last Chair's statement, as | will be
standing down at the conclusion of the Annual
General Meeting, having been privileged to
serve the Moneysupermarket Group for nine
years. Since joining, the Group has saved UK
families over £12.9bn on their household bills.

More and more customers wish to engage
digitally with their product providers
across a wide range of devices and want
to test the value of the products being
provided to them by comparing prices
and product features.

Their continuing demand for more product
choice, a better customer experience and
better execution from product providers
all support the growth aspirations of
Moneysupermarket Group's key brands,

Bruce Carnegie-Brown
Chair

Our Group NPS score was 74 at the end
of 2018. Building trust in the Group's brands
continues to be a core priority for us.

Our results

‘Against the background of our focus on our
Reinvent strategy, launched in February 2018,
Group revenue increased by 8% from £329.7m
to £355.6m and adjusted EBITDA increased
by 2% from £127.2m to £129.4m, reflecting
the investment in our Reinvent strategy and
product engineering teams. Profit after tax
increased by 11% from £78.1m to £86.6m.

The restructure undertaken in 2018 as part —
of the Reinvent strategy resulted in ali brands
being vertically aligned and we now report
against these verticals.

Growth was strong in our insurance business.
driven by competitive pricing initiatives
alongside optimisation work on our motor
insurance customer journeys. Revenue in
‘our Home Services business grew by 15%
during the year as a result of our strategic |
focus on customer experience optimisation,
improving our mobile experience and
conversion rates. Revenue in our Money
business was 3% ahead of last year with
good performance in credit, supported

by attractive promotional products and

improving conversion. Other revenue (which
includes TravelSupermarket and Decision
Tech) increased by 42% compared with 2017,
due to the consolidation impact of Decision
Tech which accounted for £11m of growth

We continue to maintain a strong financial
position with good cash generation, Cash
generated from operations during the year
was £106.6m, After paying dividends, the
Group ended the year with cash and cash
equivalents of £44.8m

Business model

2018 has again demonstrated the value of our
leading brands, giving the Group significant
strength, breadth and diversity and increasing
the predictability of the business. Our business
model is a data-driven online marketplace,
providing market-leading exclusive products
to customers, value to providers and a track
record of returns to investors,

The Group has delivered its ninth
consecutive year of revenue and earnings
growth and has helped tens of millions of
customers during the year to save money on
a broad range of financial and household
services. The continuing structural shift in
consumers’ engagement fram offline to
online and from desktop to mobile, and their

| continuing dernand for a better customer.

experience and better execution from
product providers ail support the growth
aspirations of the Group's key brands.

Dividend and

enhanced distribution

We have a progressive dividend policy and
the Board is recommending a final dividend
of 8.10p per share (2017: 7.60p) representing
an increase of 7% on the final dividend in
2017. if approved by shareholders at the
forthcoming Annual General Meeting, this
will bring the total dividend for the year to
11.05p (2017: 10.44p) per ordinary share
an increase of 6% year over year, and will be
paid on 16 May 2019 to all shareholders on
the register on 5 April 2019. Details of our
dividend policy can be found on page 26.

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accourts 2018

Whilst the Board continues to consider i
dividends to be the primary method of

returning capital to shareholders, it will also
undertake enhanced distributions when |
advantageous. In line with this policy, we are |
announcing an enhanced distribution of £40m |
and will be consulting on the mechanism for
returning surplus capital to shareholders. |
before determining our preference, and |
intend it to be effected during 2019

Strategic progress

We have made good progress on our
Reinvent strategy which is designed to
reaccelerate core growth and unlock new
market growth including significant investment |
in product engineering to support customer |
experience optimisation and personalisation; |
the acquisition of Decision Tech to support our |
strategic initiative of taking price comparison |
to the user; and the creation of a new fintech |
joint venture company, Podium, to support
the digitisation of mortgages. Further detall_|
‘on the Group's strategy can be found on
pages 8 to 17.

The Group continues to be open to acquisition |
opportunities which are evaluated against 3
disciplined set of risk and return metrics

As highlighted in previous Annual Reports,
the price comparison industry continues to
attract greater scrutiny from our regulators, |
due in part to the growing importance of the
sector to consumers looking to make informed
decisions about their choice of service
providers. During 2018 we have continued |
to engage on a proactive basis with key
regulators, in particular, in relation to the
Insurance Distribution Directive which |
was implemented on 1 October 2018. |
We support the evolving regulatory focus on
ensuring that loyal customers of consumer |
service providers are not treated unfairly |
when compared with new customers !
and we share the vision of regulators

to make products more accessible and
understandable to consumers.

Governance and risk
management
During the year we reviewed the requirements |
of the UK Corporate Governance Code
(uly 2018 version), which we will be required
to report upon in our 2019 Annual Report
with various workstreams now underway,
including enhancements to our engagement
with key stakeholders and in particular
our employees. More information on our
approach to governance is set out in my
Introduction to Governance, the Corporate
Governance Report and the reports of
each of the Committees on pages 38 to 74
These reports describe how we have applied
the main principles of the Code (2016 version) |
during 2017 and reports upon our compliance |
|
|

with the Code’s provisions

The identification and management of risk has

| continued to be a focus for us during the year.

We have monitored the ongoing management
of the risks associated with the Reinvent strategy,
considered the impact Brexit may have on
our organisation and overseen management's
actions in relation to consideration of risks
associated with the General Data Protection
Regulation. Further information on risk
management and the key risk focus areas
during the year are set out on pages 29 to 33

The Board

We consider our Board to be diverse in
terms of background, skills and experience to
support the strategic and operational direction
of the Group. Following the appointments
of Sarah Warby and Scilla Grimble referred
t0 below, 50% of our Directors are female,
which exceeds the minimum 33% target

we set for ourselves last year.

Ouring the year we appointed Sarah Warby
as a Non-Executive Director. Sarah has
experience of leading marketing teams within
retail and consumer focused businesses
and is a valuable addition to the Board

| On 31 October 2018, Matthew Price stepped

down from the Board as Chief Financial Officer.
J would like to thank him for his significant
contribution to the Group's success. The
financial management and control he instituted
has been a vital factor in setting the Group up
for success in the next phase of its development.

Since the year end, Scilla Grimble has joined
the Board as Chief Financial Officer. She brings
significant experience to the Group of leading
finance teams in several consumer facing
public companies and has a strong background
in commercial finance and banking

As mentioned at the beginning of this report.

| Lam stepping down as Chair with effect from,

the end of the Annual General Meeting and |
am delighted that Robin Freestone, a current
Non-Executive Director and Chair of our
Audit Committee, will succeed me. Robin is

* an outstanding business leader who joined

the Board in 2015 with a wealth of
experience in leading global and digital
businesses. | trust that Robin will enjoy

his new role, as much as | have, working
alongside such a talented and engaged
Board. | am confident he will successfully lead
the Group through its next phase of growth

During 2018, Darren Drabble, our General
Counsel and Company Secretary advised
the Board of his decision to step down from
hus role at the Group on 8 February 2019.
Darren is the longest serving member of our
Executive Team, having joined in 2007 and
the Board owes him a huge debt of gratitude
for his wisdom and guidance over the last 12
years. Darren was succeeded by Katherine
Bellau, who was previously the Group's
Deputy General Counsel.

Our culture and employees

We recognise that we do not currently

have sufficient diversity in our Executive
Management and their direct reports. AS part
of the Group’s 2018 Diversity Action Plan
we established employee resource groups
(ERGs') to support grass roots diversity and
inclusion initiatives including in particular
‘Represent’, an ERG focused on supporting
the development and advancement of women

| and ethnic minorities into more senior roles

and Thrive’, our mental health ERG which is
focused on empowering a culture supportive

| of mental health, Further detail on the Group's

improvements to ensure different viewpoints
and experiences are brought into our decision

| making can be found on pages 34 to 37.

| Our progress against our Reinvent strategy

reflects the dedication and quality of all our
employees across the Group. We rely on
their skills, experience, competence and
hard work to drive our business forward.
Most importantly, their passion for our
Purpose and their commitment to delivering
the best for our customers are key assets for
the Group and critical to its future success.
‘On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank
all of our employees for their contribution
to the performance of the Group.

Outlook

We will continue to progress our twin-track
strategy of reaccelerating our core business
and leading the evolution of price comparison
to unlock new market growth.

We have great confidence in our brands which
give us strength, breadth and diversity and are
aligned with our ambition to ‘help households
save money, enabling us to continue to build
our business for the future

Bruce Carnegie-Brown
Chair
13 February 2019

£129.4m

Total dividend per share

11.05p

@® Read more about our
Business Model on page 10

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Anrual Report and Accounts 2018

woday 219932235

aDURUIaA0D,

sluawaleis je)2UeUl

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW

We saved our customers
£2.1bn in 2018

As the most diversified price comparison business we take
great pride in our ability to help people with their household
bills and with good progress being made on our Reinvent
strategy, we are well positioned to help more people save
even more money in the future.

During the year we have
made good progress with our
Reinvent strategy including
taking new propositions
such as Credit Monitor

to our customers and the
acquisition of Decision Tech
in August.

Mark Lewis
Chief Executive Officer

Overview

(am pleased to report that in 2018 we
helped households save more money
than ever before: an estimated £2 bn

In the first year of delivery of our Reinvent
strategy, we grew revenue by 8% and grew
adjusted EBITDA by 2% to £129.4m after
choosing to invest in the build out of our

| product engineering teams to enhance
| our customer experience.

We enjoy market leading positions in
growing markets and our customers

visit us to Save more money across

the broadest range of products in the
comparison sector. As these markets
continue to evolve and people grow ever
more used to looking online to find the
best value on a growing number of bills.
we are committed to leading the way in
price comparison through innovation.

By doing so we are excited to help our
customers save more while also creating
value for the providers that use our
marketplaces as a way to attract and
retain users

We operate in a number of regulated
markets, and once again I'm pleased

we have been able to stay ahead of the
changes in the regulatory environment
Our business has continued to thrive in
a year that included the launch of GDPR,
the Insurance Distribution Directive and
the introduction of Energy Price Caps

We started 2018 trading with three strong
and trusted brands: MoneySuperMarket,
MoneySavingExpert and TravelSupermarket
Each has had a strong year of trading and
through our specific focus on the customer
experience within the Reinvent strategy we
have made our sites easier to use so that
people can find the right deal for them with
less hassle, especially when they visit us

on their mobile phones. Our conversion
rates have increased in the main channels
and this has allowed us to profitably grow
market share. This approach, along with
the acquisition of Decision Tech and the
continuing shift to mobile, accounts for the
reduction in our marketing margin to 63%.

Our customers are telling us that they have
noticed the improvement in our journeys
with our net promoter scores (the YouGov
measure of customer satisfaction) having
increased for each of the three brands.
This increased customer satisfaction and
higher conversion has grown revenue per
active user to £15.90, with active users
remaining stable at 13m. thas also been
another notable year for MoneySavingExpert
and TravelSupermarket, in particular,
MoneySavingExpert's successful campaigning
around issues such as so called ‘mortgage
prisoners’ trapped on high interest deals
and its investigation into statements by

| British Gas on exit penalty fees has set

the news agenda and we are proud to fight
the corner for our users in this way.

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Arrual Report and.

Having started the year with three brands, |
we grew the Group in 2018 through the
acquisition of Decision Tech in August, |
a strong standalone comparison business |
trading in the growing categories of home |
communications and mobile. Inline with |
our Reinvent strategy, the acquisition |
also supports the delivery of new market |
growth by adding aB2B sales capability |
to our diversified business. Since the |
acquisition in August, Decision Tech has
traded in line with our acquisition model. |
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
i
i
|

Insurance

Growth in Insurance has been sokd, delivering
revenue of £183.0m, up 4% compared to
2017, The shift in the car insurance premium
cycle towards a period of declining annual
prices has reduced the number of visitors

to our site, but those visiting had a higher
propensity to switch and as such trading
remains robust. As part of our Reinvent |
strategy to optimise customer journeys,
we have reworked and improved ourcar |
Insurance question set. Home insurance has |
performed well, reflecting a strong market
and pricing and promotion initiatives.

Money

Revenue in our Money business grew

t0 £88.1m, up 3% compared to 2017,
The improvement in credit performance
is attributable to customer experience
optimisation improving conversion and
strong provider offers. This was partly offset |
by trading in our current account channel |
which contracted as @ result ofalower |
number of attractive and promotional deals.

Home Services

Revenues grew by 15% to £49.2m, with
switching in utilities (gas and electricity)
making up the majority of revenue in Home
Services. The rising price environment was
supportive for switching and we secured a
number of competitive provider offers and
exclusive deals. in addition, the work in the
year to improve the customer experience
across both MoneySuperMarket and
MoneySavingExpert's Cheap Energy Club,
has significantly improved the category
conversion rates.

Strategy

We launched our Reinvent strategy in
February 2018 to deliver the next phase of |
growth in our dynamic markets, This strategy
is bullt on the core strengths of our business:
our leading brands, product diversification
and breadth of provider relationships,

our modern technology platform and,

of course, our customers looking to save
on their bills. We have made good progress
on our Reinvent strategy in 2018

Our first priority was to focus on the rapid
optimisation of our customer journeys,
making the sites easier to use, particularly
for anyone using their mobile phone.

| During 2018 we invested significantly

in product engineering and scaled this
across our business. We are pleased with
the results from our optimisation work
and will continue to enhance our customer
experience during 2019.

The first areas of the business we chose to
optimise were the energy and credit card
customer journeys where we were able to
significantly improve the conversion rates and
our financial performance, demonstrating
the value of this expertise and investment
Later in the year we started to optimise the
car insurance experience for our customers.

This capability to make our sites easier to
use, alongside the existing strengths of our
brands, technology platform and provider
relationships, is making our business more
robust for the future and we are excited about
‘our plans to deliver further impact in 2019.

The second strand of the Reinvent strategy
uses our new technology platform to enable

us to lead the evolution of price comparison |
; to unlock new market growth:

| — Personalised MoneySuperMarket

During the year we started to increase the
level of personalisation and proactivity
of the services we offer. Starting with
the customers who access us through
our mobile app, we launched monitored
energy services, keeping an eye on their
bills each month and letting them know
when better deals are available to them,

In 2018 we also launched a Credit Monitor
app to help people understand and
improve their credit score and further
personalise the products we can offer
to help them make further savings.

In 2019 we will relaunch the
MoneySuperMarket brand with a new
identity and advertising designed to
position ourselves to continue to lead
our industry as we make it even easier
for people to save

— Take price comparison to the user
Millions of customers visit our sites
each year to find ways to save with
the personalised offers they find
Going forwards, we also believe that
we can use our new technology to serve
such personalised offers to customers
in other sites and apps around the web
In order to build out this B2B arm of
the Group we acquired Decision Tech,
a leading B28 home communications
and mobile comparison business in
August. Decision Tech has a strong
track record of delivering 828 services

to leading UK comparison sites,
including our own MoneySavingExpert
and MoneySuperMarket sites,

and it is now focused on taking
MoneySuperMarket's energy
comparison platform to market

via distribution deals.

— Mortgage price comparison
Customers are already looking to us
for help with mortgages and we are
developing a new comparison tool to
heip them find the most appropriate
personalised mortgage online. in order to
be a leader in this digitisation of mortgages
we established a new fintech joint venture,
Podium, and have made our first steps
to grow this part of the business.

Summary

lam very proud of the progress we have
made in 2018, our first year of delivery of the
Reinvent strategy and am excited about the
opportunities and plans we have for 2019.

Our work this year has grown the business,

helped our customers find it easier to save
| more and delivered for our providers. As we
| move into next year we will continue to build
| on the investments the business has made
' in technology and data to innovate and take
new services to our customers, As household
budgets continue to feel the strain in 2019
we believe our overriding purpose to help
people save will have even greater resonance
for our customers and we look well set to
grow our business while futfilling that goal.

Mark Lewis
Chief Executive Officer
13 February 2019

Estimated savings made
by customers

£2.1bn

Revenue per active user

£15.90

@® Read more about our strategy
and KPls from page 8

@ Read more about the
performance of our brands
from page 18

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2018

yoday 213932435

anuewsano5

squawiarels [enueUly

OUR STRATEGY

Our strategic priorities

Our strategic priorities focus on fulfulling our
purpose to ‘Help households save money’ through a
combination of reaccelera

---

rse relationship between
revenue and total marketing spend
represented as a percentage,

Read more about our KPIs in the Financial
Review on page 24

Risk Management

The management of risk has a key role to
play in the achievement of our strategy.
The relationship between our Principal
Risks and strategy is identified in the
Principat Risks & Uncertainties section
of this Report on pages 32 to 33.

See pages 48 to 53 and 57 to 59 for details
of how the Audit Committee and Risk
Committee support the Board in oversight
of internal controls and risk management

Remuneration

See page 60 for details of how the
Remuneration Committee has ensured
executive remuneration is linked to
our strategy.

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC

Apnual Report and Arcoarts 2018

qoday 21832135

anueusend5,

siuawarels |eDueUI4

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

Achieving savings for our
customers and providers

We operate through well-established, trusted and leading brands,
providing price and product comparison and editorial based websites.
Whilst each business has a slightly different business model, we set
out in this section the overarching business model for the Group -
this is a simple, success-based revenue model which is highly scalable.

10 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2018