Registeréd number:'06160943 Annual report and accounts 2019
Moneysupermarket.com Group plc

Moneysupermarket

Group

<
fa}
z
fe}
=
‘170572020 #229 +
COMPANIES HOUSE

Helbig he households
Save money

ha) Strategic report
Moneysupermarket Group

Helping households
Save money

Through our well established trusted
brands, services, tools and products,
delivered by our outstanding people
and customer focused culture

£2bn

Our customers saved in 2019"

2018: £2.1b9

13.1m | 74

active customers Net Promoter Score

2018: 12.9m, 2018: 74

1. £2bnis estimated customer savings

Strategic Report

Financial Statements

2019 Highlights 109 independent Auditor's Report
Ata Glance 146 Consolidated Statement
Chair's Statement of Comprehensive Income
Chief Executive's Review 117 Consolidated Statement of Financial
Our Market and Trends Position
Our Business Model 118 Consolidated Statement of Changes in
Our Customer Journey Equity

| Our Strategy of 119. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Our Culture 120 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Our Brands Statements
Financial Review 150 Company Balance Sheet
Risk Management 151 Statement of Changes in Equity
Principal Risks & Uncertainties 152 Notes to the Company Financial
Sustainability and Stakeholder Statements
Engagement

Governance General

Chair's Introduction to Governance 156 Shareholder information
Board of Directors 187 Financial Calendar

Corporate Governance Report
Audit Committee Report
Nomination Committee Report
Risk Committee Report

Directors’ Remuneration Report
104 Directors’ Report

108 Directors’ Responsibility Statement

RRVIRLS

y
3
8

&
2
is

3
8

aouewanog |

squawayers jeoueuiy |

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019

1

B Strategic report
2019 Highlights

Creating value
and making progress

Return to profit growth and continued
momentum in the second year of our
Reinvent strategy

© Read more about the performance
of our brands from page 24

2 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Financial highlights

Revenue (Em) Profit before tax (Em)

388.4m 116.0m

~9% ~9%

Adjusted EBITDA’ (£m) Basic earnings per share (p)

141.5m = 17.7p

~9% -9%

Adjusted earnings per share'(p) _Total dividend per share (p)

18.2p 11.71p

-5% -~6%

Operational highlights

> Return to profit growth

> Reinvent strategy continues to improve the
customer experience and deliver new market
growth

» Helped our customers save an estimated £2bn

> Solid trading performance with revenue up 9%
ahead of 2018

> Adjusted EBITDA of £141.5m, in line with

expectations

> Strong operational cash generation of £113.7m
during the period, increasing 6% year-on-year

> Full year dividend increased by 6% reflecting our
progressive dividend policy

> Moneysupermarket Group was ranked 36 on the
Inclusive Companies list

1 Use of alternative performance measures is detailed in the
Financial Review on page 30

Revenue by segment

Insurance
£188.4m
2018: £183.0m

Money
£86.0m
2018: £88.1m

Home Services
£68.6m
2018: £49.2m

Other

£45.4m

2018: £35.2m

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019 3

4
a
o
g
a
a
®
3
8

aouevianop |

swuawarers jenueuy |

B Strategic report
At a glance

Who we are

Moneysupermarket Group is a successful and
growing business driven by a clear purpose of
helping households save money

Through our leading brands, MoneySuperMarket,
MoneySavingExpert, TravelSupermarket and
Decision Tech, we are committed to providing
customers with the services, tools and products
they need to save money

Why invest in Moneysupermarket Group?

oO S) ®

Leading positions in Brands widely trusted Significant savings
growing markets by consumers for customers
Ahighly profitable and cash
. generative marketplace model
Low cost and flexible acquisi- offering great returns to our
tion channel for providers shareholders

Visit our website
© hittp://corporate.moneysupermarket.com

4 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019

. Our leading brands

‘Get Money Calm’

2019 has been a significant year
for MoneySuperMarket, with a
major overhaul of our
proposition, brand message and
advertising creative all aimed at
showing the brand's central
purpose - helping our customers
get control of their money to ‘Get
Money Calm’

Compare to save money
TravelSupermarket helps people
to save money on the largest
element of discretionary spend
for most households - their
holiday. It offers price
comparison for package holidays,
car rental, flights, hotels and a
variety of travel costs, including
travel insurance, transfers and
airport parking,

Active users

13m

Consumer champion and one
of the UK's biggest finance
websites

MSE reaches nearly half of UK
consumers each month. 2019
saw a new record for weekly
traffic- 6.5 million sessions - and
over 14.3m subscribers to our
weekly email

MSE has consistently ranked top
in the UK Online Services sector
(YouGov 2019 Brandindex) and
are proud to be ranked 4th
overall in the UK Brand Advocacy
category, with our ratings
increasing year on year

Holiday enquiries

19.5m

Within seven months of the
acquisition of Decision Tech,

it delivered a new energy
comparison service to the saving
and smart money-management
app, Yolt

It has also since won contracts
with Emma Money Management
(a budgeting App), Totally Money,
Love Energy Savings and Snoop,
with the new business funnel
looking very promising

Weekly email subscribers

14.3m

No. of visitors to site

31m+

Key Performance Indicators

Estimated customer savings

Calculated by multiplying sales volume and the average
estimated saving per product for core channels, the balance of
the calculation is a Company estimation.

Active users

The number of unique accounts running enquiries in our
seven core MoneySuperMarket channels (car insurance, home
insurance, life insurance, credit cards, loans, energy and travel)
in the prior twelve month period.

Marketing margin

The inverse relationship between revenue and total marketing.
spend represented as a percentage.

Net promoter score

The twelve monthly rolling average (1 Jan 2019 - 31 Dec 2019
inclusive, excluding Decision Technologies Limited) measured
by YouGov Brand Index service Recommend Score weighted by
revenue ta create 3 Group-wide NPS.

Revenue per active user

‘The revenue for the seven core MoneySuperMarket channels,
divided by the number of active users.

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019 5

yi
3
8
cs
>|
a
3
g

aouewsanoy |

swuawarers jenueuly |

B Strategic report
Chair's Statement

Combining purpose with
innovation and inclusion

Robin Freestone
Chair

‘<4

We will strive to
continue to deliver
long-term growth

and lead the way in
price comparison by
leveraging our
Reinvent strategy,
underpinned by

our inclusive and
innovative culture”

1am delighted to have taken over as Chair,
having succeeded Bruce Carnegie-Brown at
our Annual General Meeting, held in Chester in
May 2019. | would like to thank Bruce for his
leadership of the Board and his invaluable
contribution over nine years, and for enabling a
smooth transition

In February 2020, the Company announced
that Mark Lewis had indicated his intention to
stand down from the Board. No date has been
agreed and Mark indicated he wished to
ensure a smooth transition to his successor.
The Board is grateful for Marks contribution to
the Group. In the three years since Mark
became CEO, the Group has helped
households save over £6bn, returned £250m
to shareholders, launched new personalised
customer experiences and developed new
capabilities in B2B services and the digitisation
of mortgage comparison under the Reinvent
growth strategy.

One of the reasons | joined the Board back in
2015 was the strength and allure of the
Group's ethos and its sense of purpose, in
helping households save money. The
continuous hard work of our people, led by our
strong management team, enables us to create

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019

£141.5m

Total dividend per share

11.71p

significant value for our customers and other
stakeholders. Whether it is helping our
customers proactively save money on their bills
through MoneySuperMarket; providing a range
of cost-saving holiday options with
TravelSupermarket, or empowering Our users
and fighting their corner with
MoneySavingExpert, our Board is focused on
ensuring our strategy and culture enable us to
create long-term sustainable value, while
adhering to UK Corporate Governance Code
requirements. Further information on our
people and culture can be found on pages 44
to 48.

Our role in society

One of my priorities as Chair is to ensure

that the Stakeholder Voice is heard in the
boardroom. The culture that underpins our
group strategy is one that encourages our
people to consider the impact we are having
personally, and as a Company, whether it is our
focus on employee welfare and mental
wellbeing at work; donating our time and
efforts to raise funds for The Prince’s Trust

or reducing our carbon footprint in an effort to
ensure a sustainable future for all. Board
members regularly spend time talking

directly to employees at all our sites and our Non-Executive Leading innovation

Director Employee Champion, Sarah Warby, regularly Part of our strategy is to continue investing in innovative
updates the Board on key topics raised by our people. To products to improve our customers’ experience. To
believe that one can generate sustainable returns for support this, in September 2019, we opened our new
shareholders without understanding the sentiment of one's Manchester office which operates as a product and
customers and employees would be the definition of engineering hub and is now home to approximately 250
naivety. employees, including our co-located product and
platform-engineering teams, many working to improve
Our Board believes that management of Environmental, users’ experience of our products or develop new
Social and Governance matters must support the Group's offerings for our customers. In order to enable this,
strategy, long-term performance and the sustainability of following consultations with affected employees, 53 of.
the business. This is why we have made a commitment to our Ewloc based roles were relocated to Manchester.
reduce our environmental impact and become a carbon- During 2020, in recognition of our long-term
neutral company by the end of 2020. More details of this commitment to our Ewloe office, work will commence to
and our stakeholder engagement more generally can be upgrade the site.

found on pages 40 to 59.
Further detail on how our new Manchester presence fits

The Board into the Group's strategy can be found on page 22.

In addition to the Chair, there have been some changes to . .

the Board's composition during the year. Scilla Grimble Capital Allocation

joined as Chief Financial Officer in February 2019 from We have a progressive dividend policy and the Board is
Marks & Spencer Group pic and Genevieve Shore resigned recommending a final dividend of 8.61p per share (2018:
from the Board in July 2019 after almost five years of 8.10p) representing an increase of 6% on the final
service. We appointed Caroline Britton as Non-Executive dividend in 2018. If approved by shareholders at the
Director and Chair of the Audit Committee (taking over from forthcoming Annual General Meeting, this will bring the
me) in September 2019. You can read about Scilla's and total dividend for the year to 11.71p (2018: 11.05p) per
Caroline's backgrounds and experience on pages 64 and 65. ordinary share, an increase of 6% year on year. The final
In addition, Andrew Fisher will step down from the Board at dividend will be paid on 14 May 2020 to all shareholders
the Company's AGM on 7 May 2020. We thank Genevieve on the register on 3 April 2020. Details of our dividend
and Andrew for their valuable contributions and wish them policy can be found on page 61.

well with their new roles.
When we have significant surplus capital and there are

Recent governance requirements have made diversity a no short-term organic or acquisitive growth ul
focus in every company’s succession planning. Our Board opportunities available, we will again consider returning a
collectively possesses a broad range of experience, skills these surplus funds to shareholders through a ‘special 8
and knowledge from various backgrounds which support distribution’, in accordance with our capital allocation s
the strategic and operational direction of the Group. |am policy. Ay
proud that our Board currently consists of a majority of 3
female members, which exceeds the 33% recommended by Senior Managers & Certification Regime a
the Hampton-Alexander Review. (SM&CR)

During 2019 the Board reviewed its governance
framework to ensure it remains fit for purpose and is
compliant with the SM&CR, which was implemented

1am delighted that we have further strengthened our Board
with the appointments of Supriya Uchil and James Bilefield,

who will be joining the Board as Non-Executive Directors on , a a
T March 2020 ana!1 May 2020 respectively. With Supra across the Group's regulated business in December g
and James’ product and digital experience, they will be 2019. 3
valuable additions and complement the diverse s
backgrounds and experience of our Board. Remuneration Policy 8
° Our Remuneration Policy is being put before the

2019 performance shareholders for approval at our upcoming Annual
1am pleased to report another year of progress for the General Meeting, which includes updates to ensure it
Group, reflecting the continued investment in our Reinvent complies with the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code
strategy and our product and engineering teams. The {the ‘2018 Code}. Considerable work has gone into _
estimated savings customers were able to generate from updating our policy to comply with all the main tenets of
‘our products remained stable at £2bn, while Group revenue this code. More information is available in the 2
increased by 9% from £355.6m to £388.4m, adjusted Remuneration Report which can be found on pages 85. §
EBITDA increased by 9% from £129.4m to £141.5m and =
profit before tax increased by 9% to £116.0m. We again Looking ahead vA
generated strong cashflow with operating cashflow of As we progress into 2020, we will strive to continue to z
£113.7m and we returned £100.0m cash to shareholders in deliver long-term growth and lead the way in innovative 2
2019. All of this was achieved despite an uncertain macro price comparison, by leveraging our Reinvent strategy, 2
environment. underpinned by our inclusive culture. °
© Read more about our Business Robin Freestone

Model on page 14 and 15 Chair

19 February 2020

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019 7

B Strategic report
Chief Executive's review

Delivering on our purpose of
helping households save money

Mark Lewis
Chief Ex

‘<4

After a year of
investment, we have
returned to profit
growth and are
proud to have helped
households save over
£2bn off their bills”

Overview

After a year of investment, we have returned
to profit growth and are proud to have
helped households save over £2bn across a
broad range of bills and expenses, while also
providing an efficient channel for our
providers to attract and retain users.

1am pleased to welcome Robin in his new
role as Chair of the Board - | have had the
pleasure of working with Robin since | joined
the Company and he was one of the key
architects of our Reinvent strategy. | would
also like to extend my thanks to Bruce
Carnegie-Brown for his invaluable
contribution to the Group.

Enabled by our inclusive and innovative
culture, our diverse portfolio has performed
well against a backdrop of mixed market
conditions. The initiatives we undertook in
this second year of our Reinvent strategy
contributed to revenues that reached
£388.4m, up 9% relative to 2018. Exceptional
rates of energy switching the full-year

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Estimated customer savings
across the Moneysupermarket
Group

£2bn

Revenue per active user

£16.40

benefits of the Decision Tech acquisition and
our ongoing work to optimise the customer
experience all contributed to a strong
performance. The establishment of our
product engineering hub in Manchester

and the relaunch of the MoneySuperMarket
brand with-a promise to help customers
‘Get Money Calm’ were also significant
contributors to performance.

We remain confident in our personalisation
roadmap for MoneySuperMarket, and
recently launched a new, personalised
homepage, showcasing the monitoring
services in one place. During the year we
continued to enhance our mortgages
proposition, improving our broker and lender
integrations to improve the customer
experience.

We have added further eligibility factors and
have built broker and lender integrations to
enhance the overall customer experience.
Our Podium joint venture has been key to
delivering these improvements.

2019 was a standout year for * Home Services

MoneySavingExpert, whose powerful brand The introduction in January 2019 of the cap on

and campaigning work drew a record number default tariffs was a major development in the

of visitors seeking support in navigating their energy market, which drives the majority of our

finances. Once more the brand's commitment Home Services revenue. Contrary to thoughts _

to independent editorial journalism resulted in that the energy price cap might suppress

record traffic and MoneySavingExpect remained customer appetite for switching, we saw

the go-to place for users to navigate the key exceptional growth in our energy business,

consumer finance events of the year such as the with the price cap increasing consumer

PPI claims deadline, the introduction of the awareness of their energy bills, resulting in

Energy Price Caps and indeed the implications Home Services revenue reaching £68.6m

of Brexit on their wallets. (2018: £49.2m), We were able to capitalise on
the opportunity presented by this significant

Profit before tax and adjusted EBITDA both regulatory change with leading offers, the

grew by 9%, relative to 2018, to reach £116.0m editorial strength of MoneySavingExpert and

and £141.5m respectively, reflecting the growth further optimisation gains, which resulted in

markets in which we operate. Customers very high levels of switching.

continued to move towards engagement via

mobile devices, putting pressure on our gross . Other

margin.

Weak sterling exchange rates and lower
consumer confidence resulted in a slowdown of
package holiday bookings in early 2019 with the
travel market beginning to pick up in the second
half of 2019. Results for TravelSupermarket
were dampened accordingly. Some of the
initiatives we are working on to counter this are

We enjoy leading positions in growing markets
with significant headroom and our brands are
firmly trusted by our customers, as
demonstrated by our strong Net Promoter
Score of 74,

Segmental performance outlined on page 28. 9

Insurance In its first full year as part of the Group, a

Insurance revenues increased by 3% to Decision Tech contributed £24.8m to revenue a

£188.4m. We had consistently high natural (2018: £10.7m, from acquisition date), with aI

search positions in 2018 and in the first half of . both its 828 and B2C home communications as}

2019. However, in the second half of the year, businesses performing well. Decision Tech is a 3

we saw more volatility in our natural search key enabler of our strategic pillar to take price

positions, which were-weaker on average. This comparison to the user, more details of which

meant that we had fewer customers coming to are outlined below and on page 19.

us via natural search, suppressing revenue _

growth across this vertical. Progress against strategy 9
In the two years since we embarked on our 3

— -——Money . - ._— a2 + el ~~-——-- - ~Reinvent strategy we have made pleasing>———-—-_ —3

Money revenue declined by 2% during the year. progress against our strategic pillars to R

Credit products account for the majority of reaccelerate core growth and unlock new °

money revenue and performed well during market growth.

2019. The reduction in availability and

attractiveness of promotion products The first pillar of our Reinvent strategy,

significantly impacted switching levels for reaccelerate core growth, focuses on the

banking products during the year, especially in optimisation of our customer experience, —_—

the second half. improving the customer journey on our
websites and thereby helping boost conversion. a
The customer experience on a mobile device 3
has been a particular focus and we are pleased o
with the conversion gains we have delivered. w
The improvements have reduced the margin 8
pressures from the change in mobile mix 2
and natural search ranking volatility. The 2

optimisation of our customer journeys was

enabled by our investment into our product

engineering capability, which is now established —
at our permanent product engineering hub in

central Manchester.

© Read more about the performance
of our brands on pages 24 to 29

@ Read more about our strategy
on page 18

Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019 9

B Strategic report

Chief Executive's review continued

The second pillar of our Reinvent strategy
leverages our technology platform to enable
us to lead the innovation of price comparison
to unlock new market growth:

Personalised MoneySuperMarket
During 2019 we continued to make our
services more proactive and personalised
Akey enabler of our evolution away from
traditional price comparison to a more
personalised model was the brand relaunch
of MoneySuperMarket, with the commitment
to ‘Get Money Calm’. This new brand identity,
implemented across all customer
touchpoints, has been well received

by customers.

Following the successful trial of energy and
credit monitoring on our mobile app, we
extended monitoring services for credit and
energy to the core web experience in the
second half of 2019. We now have over
600,000 Moneysupermarket customers using
these services and are seeing evidence of
more customer engagement, cross sell of
products and a higher likelihood to return to
our website from unpaid sources.

We have a clear path to delivery on energy
autoswitching, which leverages our unique
MSE brand and the Group technology
platform, We plan for this service to go live in
the first half of 2020.

Taking price comparison

to the user

2019 was the first full year of B2B growth after
Decision Tech joined the Group in August
2018. Growth in Decision Tech's core business
was strong and on a like-for-like basis grew
10%. We also made progress in adding new
revenue streams by providing energy
switching services in our B28 proposition,
with six services live.

Mortgage price comparison
During the year we continued to enhance our
mortgage proposition. We have added
further eligibility factors to our question set,
helping our customers find a mortgage more
suited to their needs and, for our remortgage
customers, we have improved our broker
and lender integrations to enhance the
overall customer experience. In February we
launched our first decision in principle
service. Our Podium joint venture has been
key to delivering these improvements.

People and culture

Embedding an innovative and inclusive
culture in the business has been a priority as
we seek to drive innovation for our users. We
also strive to create an inclusive environment,
championed very effectively by several of our
Employee Resource Groups. I wish to thank
them, as well as colleagues throughout the
business, who have embraced moving our
culture forward. We are proud to have been
recognised as the #2 ranking company in the
Hamilton Alexander report for gender
neutrality at Board levels in the organisation,
and to have recently been voted one of the
top 50 most inclusive companies in the UK.

Acore strand of our culture is our approach
to working responsibly, which we have
stepped up through our commitment to.
being a carbon-neutral business by the end
of 2020 and our partnership with the Prince's
Trust, details of which are outlined on pages
54 and 55 respectively.

The business is built on close relationships
with our broad base of longstanding and
more recently established providers, whose
value for money keeps customers returning
to our sites, Although we work closely with
providers on an ongoing basis, the relaunch
of the MoneySuperMarket brand earlier in
the year provided an exciting opportunity to
celebrate our valued partnerships.

Outlook

In ongoing uncertain times for UK consumers
and their finances, we are well-positioned

to fulfil our purpose of helping households
save money. Our market leading brands,

the diversity of our trading categories and
increased levels of innovation set the Group.
up to once again deliver successful returns for
customers, providers and investors in 2020,
as we continue at pace with our Reinvent
strategy to move price comparison forward.

Mark Lewis
Chief Executive Officer
19 February 2020

Mok bcs

10 Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2019