BETA Close X MONY Group plc reported continued growth in revenue and adjusted EBITDA for the period July 1 to November 30, 2025, with management expectations for the full year remaining unchanged and Adjusted EBITDA for FY25 expected to be in line with current market consensus of £142.7 million. The company highlighted strong performance in Money and Energy, with modest improvements in Insurance, while Cashback and Travel faced challenges. The two-sided marketplace strategy is proving effective, with SuperSaveClub reaching two million members and contributing materially to revenue. MONY Group also concluded a £30 million share buyback programme on December 2, 2025, and as of December 1, 2025, moved to a minority stake in Ice Travel Group, reducing operational complexity. The Board is confident in delivering sustainable, profitable growth in FY26, anticipating easing headwinds and leveraging its data and technology platform. Disclaimer* Mony Group PLC 03 December 2025 3 December 2025 MONY Group plc - Trading Statement Growth and continued strong strategic progress MONY Group plc ("MONY Group" or "the Group") today provides the following trading update for the period 1 July to 30 November 2025, ahead of its Full Year Results announcement on 23 February 2026. Management expectations for the full year remain unchanged. Performance update MONY Group continued to deliver growth in revenue and adjusted EBITDA over the period, despite headwinds in insurance and PPC costs. Improved performance in H2 [1] has been helped by Money, strong Energy performance and modest improvements in Insurance. This underlines the Group's ability to leverage its broad portfolio to deliver consistent returns to shareholders. Insurance - The diversity of our insurance offering and a gradual easing of trading headwinds in motor have supported performance. Money - Continued good growth in borrowing, driven by strong credit card deal availability, and improved banking performance, supported by an increase in attractive current account switching promotions. Home Services - Growth has been primarily driven by Energy, with October marking the successful launch of our first collective switch [2] since the collapse of the energy market in 2021 and market-leading deals promoted by MoneySavingExpert (MSE). Cashback - Challenging economic conditions and uncertainty affecting UK consumer finances continue to weigh. Travel - Competitive pressure in package holidays and softer demand for car hire, alongside ongoing pressure on consumer finances, has impacted performance. Strategic update Our two-sided marketplace strategy continues to deliver positive results. Member-based propositions are transforming our customer base from transactional users into loyal, engaged customers. SuperSaveClub (SSC) has reached two million members and is now contributing materially to Group revenue, with significant potential for further growth. Provider propositions, including Market Boost, Tenancy and our B2B partnerships are delivering incremental growth and strengthening relationships with partners. The strength of our portfolio of trusted brands alongside our data and tech platform provides the Group with a sustainable competitive advantage. As AI adoption accelerates, these foundations enable us to continue to embrace further opportunities to drive growth. Capital Allocation In line with our capital allocation policy, we launched a £30 million share buyback programme on 17 February 2025, which concluded on 2 December 2025. Ice Travel Group (ITG) As of 1 December 2025, MONY Group moved from a controlling stake in ITG to a minority position, reflecting a strategic decision to reduce Group operational complexity whilst retaining influence [3] . ITG will benefit from greater operational independence, enabling the business to accelerate its plans while continuing to benefit from MONY's support and expertise. Outlook The Board remains confident that the Group is well positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. Trading performance over the second half, combined with continued strategic momentum, underpins the Board's expectation that Adjusted EBITDA for FY25 will be in line with current market consensus [4] . Looking ahead to FY26, we anticipate easing headwinds will create potential for a greater level of stability in our end markets. We are confident in delivering consistent progress by continuing to build out our strong member base, deepening provider relationships, and continuing to leverage our leading data and technology platform. Our diversified portfolio underpins our resilience and positions us to deliver sustainable, long-term value for shareholders. Peter Duffy, Chief Executive Officer said: "2025 has been a tough trading year so we are pleased with the Group's performance, which reflects the relevance of our brands, the resilience of our model, and the breadth of our markets. We are particularly pleased with the growth in SuperSaveClub which has now reached a milestone two million members. Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the outlook in our end markets, and excited by the opportunities AI brings. As we move into FY26, we remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable growth and create value for all stakeholders." For further information, contact: Investors Niall McBride, Chief Financial Officer 0203 8462034 jennifer.cooke@monygroup.com Jennifer Cooke, Head of Investor Relations Media William Clutterbuck, H/Advisors Maitland 07785 292617 wclutterbuck@hadvisors.global Forward-Looking Statements This statement may include statements that are forward looking in nature. Forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, assumptions, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Group to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Except as required by the Listing Rules and applicable law, the Group undertakes no obligation to update, revise or change any forward-looking statements to reflect events or developments occurring after the date such statements are published. The information in this release is based on management information. [1] Compared to H2 2024. [2] Collective switch refers to the group purchasing arrangement whereby MoneySavingExpert negotiated exclusive energy tariffs, enabling participants to benefit from lower prices than standard market rates. The most recent collective switch took place in October 2025 and offered tariffs approximately 15% below the Ofgem Price Cap. [3] MONY Group has moved from a shareholding of 67% to 49%. From FY26 onwards, ITG will be treated as an associate under the equity method rather than a consolidated subsidiary. ITG's revenue and EBITDA will be removed from Group forecasts and instead will include MONY's share of ITG's post-tax profit below operating profit. EPS assumptions should be adjusted to reflect this. Dividend receipts from ITG should be modelled as investing cash flows, not operating. FY25 comparatives will include 11 months of ITG consolidation. [4] Market expectations of adjusted EBITDA for 2025 from the analyst consensus on our investor website is £142.7m with a range of £136.5m to £144.9m. N.B. Consensus does not currently reflect the impact of ITG minority position. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moneysupermarket.com Group (MONY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and