BETA Close X Mony Group PLC has provided its bi-annual return for the Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Sharesave Scheme, covering the period from January 1, 2026, to June 30, 2026. The scheme began with a balance of 489,321 unallotted securities, and during this period, 73,269 securities were issued or allotted. Consequently, the balance of unissued or unallotted securities remaining under the scheme at the end of the period is 416,052. Disclaimer* Mony Group PLC 01 July 2026 BLOCK LISTING BI-ANNUAL RETURN Date: 1 July 2026 Name of applicant : MONY Group PLC Name of scheme: Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC Sharesave Scheme Period of return: From: 1 January 2026 To: 30 June 2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 489,321 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): 73,269 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 416,052 Name of contact: Victoria Hands Telephone number of contact: 07843 057693 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moneysupermarket.com Group (MONY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 42 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and