BETA Close X Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc is launching the second tranche of its share buyback programme, commencing on July 6, 2026, and concluding by December 18, 2026, with an aggregate amount of up to €500 million allocated for this phase. This second tranche, which includes up to €130 million for London Trading Venues, represents the final part of the overall €1 billion return to shareholders, with all repurchased shares to be cancelled. The programme will be executed through arrangements with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International, operating as riskless principal, and will adhere to relevant regulatory authorities and shareholder approvals. Disclaimer* Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc 02 July 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO PURCHASE ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION OR A SOLICITATION OF ANY VOTE OR APPROVAL. NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION (DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY) IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION. Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc announces update to share buyback programme 2 July 2026 On 17 February 2026, Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc (the "Company") announced its intention to return up to €1bn to shareholders through a coordinated share buyback programme on (i) Nasdaq and other applicable US trading venues ("the US Trading Venues") and (ii) the London Stock Exchange, CBOE Europe Limited (through the BXE and CXE order books) and Aquis (the "London Trading Venues") (the "Programme"). The purpose of the Programme is to reduce the issued share capital of the Company. All shares repurchased as part of the Programme will be cancelled. The first tranche of the Programme, which was for an aggregate amount of up to €500mn, commenced on 18 February 2026 and completed on 24 April 2026. The second tranche of the Programme is expected to commence on 6 July 2026 and the Company has entered into an arrangement in relation to this second tranche of the Programme with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International (together with their affiliates "GS"), consisting of two contracts to enable the purchase of ordinary shares on both the US Trading Venues and the London Trading Venues. GS will act as riskless principal, share purchases will be made in accordance with the arrangement and effected within certain contractually agreed parameters, and shall be made independently of and uninfluenced by the Company. The second tranche of the Programme is expected to cover the period from 6 July 2026 up to and including 18 December 2026, although it may complete earlier than that date. The aggregate amount for purchases in respect of this second tranche of the Programme is up to €500mn, of which up to €130mn will be in respect of the London Trading Venues. The second tranche is the final tranche of the Programme, and if executed in full the Company will have returned up to c. €1bn to shareholders under the Programme. Additional details The Programme will be effected in accordance with (i) (in relation to purchases made on the London Trading Venues) the scope of the authority to repurchase ordinary shares "on market" conferred on the Company at the 2026 Annual General Meeting; (ii) (in relation to purchases made on the US Trading Venues) the scope of the authority to repurchase ordinary shares "off market" conferred on the Company at the 2026 Annual General Meeting; (iii) (in relation to purchases made on the London Trading Venues) (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 as applicable (both as in force in the UK, and as they form part of retained UK law as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018); (iv) Chapter 9 of the UK Listing Rules; and (v) applicable U.S. federal securities laws, including applicable US securities laws and anti-manipulation provisions thereof. In relation to purchases on the London Trading Venues, GS will acquire CREST depositary interests on the London Trading Venues, which will be cancelled together with the underlying shares they represent. The maximum number of ordinary shares which may be purchased or committed to be purchased by the Company under the contracts entered into in respect of this second tranche of the Programme is 42,289,442 (which is the maximum remaining number pursuant to the relevant authorities granted by shareholders at the Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting after taking into account shares acquired pursuant to the first tranche of the Programme). Cautionary note on forward-looking statements This document contains statements, estimates or projections that constitute "forward-looking statements" concerning the financial condition, performance, results, guidance and outlook, dividends, consequences of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, strategy and objectives of Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc and its subsidiaries (together CCEP or the Group). Generally, the words "ambition", "target", "aim", "believe", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "project", "plan", "seek", "may", "could", "would", "should", "might", "will", "forecast", "outlook", "guidance", "possible", "potential", "predict", "objective" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks that could cause actual results to differ materially. Forward-looking statements are based upon various assumptions as well as CCEP's historical experience and present expectations or projections. As a result, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Factors that, in CCEP's view, could cause such actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those set forth in the "Risk Factors" section of CCEP's 2025 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on 13 March 2026 and subsequent filings. CONTACTS Company Secretariat Svetlana Walker svetlana.walker@ccep.com Investor Relations Sarah Willett sarah.willett@ccep.com Media Relations Shanna Wendt mediaenquiries@ccep.com ABOUT CCEP Coca-Cola Europacific Partners is one of the world's leading consumer goods companies. We make, move and sell some of the world's most loved brands - serving nearly 600 million consumers and helping over 4 million customers across 31 countries grow. We combine the strength and scale of a large, multi-national business with an expert, local knowledge of the customers we serve and communities we support. The Company is currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam, NASDAQ (and a constituent of the Nasdaq 100), London Stock Exchange and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges, trading under the symbol CCEP. For more information about CCEP, please visit www.cocacolaep.com and follow CCEP on LinkedIn This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (DI) (CCEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 28 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and