BETA Close X Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc announced the appointment of Svetlana Walker as General Counsel and Company Secretary, effective April 1, 2026, bringing over 20 years of international legal and compliance experience. Clare Wardle has stepped down from these roles, and the Board expressed gratitude for her contributions. This change in key personnel is unlikely to have a direct financial impact on the stock share price. Disclaimer* Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc 01 April 2026 Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc (the "Company") Change of General Counsel and Company Secretary The Company is pleased to announce the appointment of Svetlana Walker as General Counsel and Company Secretary with effect from 1 April 2026. Svetlana brings over 20 years of international legal and compliance experience across packaging, pharmaceuticals and consumer goods, most recently serving as General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at Klöckner Pentaplast Group. Clare Wardle has stepped down as General Counsel and Company Secretary. The Board would like to acknowledge Clare's significant contribution to the Company, and wishes her well for the future. CONTACTS Company Secretariat Investor Relations Media Relations Svetlana Walker Sarah Willett Shanna Wendt svetlana.walker@ccep.com sarah.willett@ccep.com mediaenquiries@ccep.com ABOUT CCEP Coca-Cola Europacific Partners is one of the world's leading consumer goods companies. We make, move and sell some of the world's most loved brands - serving nearly 600 million consumers and helping over 4 million customers across 31 countries grow. We combine the strength and scale of a large, multi-national business with an expert, local knowledge of the customers we serve and communities we support. The Company is currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam, NASDAQ, London Stock Exchange and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges, and a constituent of both the NASDAQ 100 and FTSE 100 indices, trading under the symbol CCEP (ISIN No. GB00BDCPN049). For more information about CCEP, please visit www.cocacolaep.com and follow CCEP on LinkedIn This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (DI) (CCEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and