BETA Close X Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc announced board committee changes effective May 28, 2026, following its Annual General Meeting, with Mary Harris appointed Senior Independent Director. Nathalie Gaveau will retire from the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, replaced by Dessi Temperley, who will also chair the Audit Committee. Nicolas Mirzayantz will join the Nomination Committee and leave the Audit Committee, while Mark Price will chair the Affiliated Transaction Committee. Laurence Debroux and Uvashni Raman are set to join the Audit Committee, with Debroux also appointed to the Remuneration Committee and Raman to the Affiliated Transaction Committee. Disclaimer* Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc 10 April 2026 SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR APPOINTMENT AND CHANGES IN COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD COMMITTEES The Board of Directors of Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc (CCEP) announces the following changes to the composition of the Board Committees with effect from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on 28 May 2026: · Mary Harris, Independent Non-executive Director, will be appointed Senior Independent Director; · Nathalie Gaveau, Independent Non-executive Director, will retire as a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee; · Dessi Temperley, Independent Non-executive Director, will be appointed as a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee; · Nicolas Mirzayantz, Independent Non-executive Director, will be appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee and will retire as a member of the Audit Committee; · Mark Price, Independent Non-executive Director, will be appointed as Chairman of the Affiliated Transaction Committee; and · subject to their formal appointment as Independent Non-executive Directors at the AGM: o Laurence Debroux and Uvashni Raman will be appointed as members of the Audit Committee; o Laurence Debroux will be appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee; and o Uvashni Raman will be appointed as a member of the Affiliated Transaction Committee. Following the changes noted above, the membership of the Committees will be as follows: Audit Committee Affiliated Transaction Committee Environmental, Social and Governance Committee Dessi Temperley (Chairman) Mark Price (Chairman) Mario Rotllant (Chairman) Robert Appleby Sol Daurella Robert Appleby John Bryant Nathalie Gaveau Nicolas Mirzayantz Laurence Debroux Alfonso Líbano Daurella Dessi Temperley Uvashni Raman Uvashni Raman Nancy Quan Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee Mary Harris (Chairman) John Bryant (Chairman) Manolo Arroyo Manolo Arroyo Sol Daurella José Ignacio Comenge Nicolas Mirzayantz Laurence Debroux Mark Price Mary Harris This notification is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R(3). CONTACTS Company Secretariat Svetlana Walker svetlana.walker@ccep.com Investor Relations Sarah Willett sarah.willett@ccep.com Media Relations Shanna Wendt mediaenquiries@ccep.com ABOUT CCEP Coca-Cola Europacific Partners is one of the world's leading consumer goods companies. We make, move and sell some of the world's most loved brands - serving nearly 600 million consumers and helping over 4 million customers across 31 countries grow. We combine the strength and scale of a large, multi-national business with an expert, local knowledge of the customers we serve and communities we support. The Company is currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam, NASDAQ, London Stock Exchange and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges, and a constituent of both the NASDAQ 100 and FTSE 100 indices, trading under the symbol CCEP (ISIN No. GB00BDCPN049). For more information about CCEP, please visit www.cocacolaep.com and follow CCEP on LinkedIn This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (DI) (CCEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and