BETA Close X Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc announced that Nathalie Gaveau, an Independent Non-executive Director since January 2019, has resigned from the Board effective September 16, 2026. Ms. Gaveau's contributions included expertise in technology, AI, and digital transformation, and she served on the Affiliated Transaction Committee and previously the ESG Committee. Mary Harris will serve as interim member of the Affiliated Transaction Committee, and the Nomination Committee is initiating a search for a new independent non-executive director. No further disclosures are required under UK Listing Rule 6.4.6 R. Disclaimer* Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc 15 September 2026 CHANGES TO DIRECTORS OF COCA-COLA EUROPACIFIC PARTNERS PLC Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc (CCEP) announces that Nathalie Gaveau, Independent Non-executive Director (INED), has resigned from the Board with effect from 16 September 2026. Nathalie has served as an INED of CCEP since January 2019. She is a member of the Affiliated Transaction Committee and served as member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee from 2019 until 2025. Sol Daurella, Chairman said, "On behalf of the Board, I would like to sincerely thank Nathalie for her valuable contribution during her tenure. She has brought a wealth of experience as a successful technology entrepreneur and investor, together with deep expertise in AI, e-commerce, digital transformation, innovation, mobile technology, data and social marketing. Her insights have helped inform the Board's discussions on technology, consumer engagement and digital capabilities. We have greatly valued her contribution and wish her every success in the future." Mary Harris, Senior Independent Director, will be appointed as interim member of the Affiliated Transaction Committee with effect from 16 September 2026. The Nomination Committee is reviewing the composition of the Board and its Committees following Nathalie's resignation and has begun a process to appoint a new independent non-executive director as required by CCEP's Articles of Association and the Shareholders' Agreement. There are no further matters that need to be disclosed pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.6 R. CONTACTS Company Secretariat Svetlana Walker svetlana.walker@ccep.com Investor Relations Sarah Willett sarah.willett@ccep.com Media Relations Shanna Wendt mediaenquiries@ccep.com ABOUT CCEP Coca-Cola Europacific Partners is one of the world's leading consumer goods companies. We make, move and sell some of the world's most loved brands - serving nearly 600 million consumers and helping over 4 million customers across 31 countries grow. We combine the strength and scale of a large, multi-national business with an expert, local knowledge of the customers we serve and communities we support. The Company is currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam, NASDAQ, London Stock Exchange and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges, and a constituent of both the NASDAQ 100 and FTSE 100 indices, trading under the symbol CCEP (ISIN No. GB00BDCPN049). For more information about CCEP, please visit www.cocacolaep.com and follow CCEP on LinkedIn This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (DI) (CCEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Everplay Group plc 3 hours ago Genus 3 hours ago Pan African Resources 3 hours ago Rio Tinto 3 hours ago Aviva All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and