BETA Close X Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc has applied for a block admission of 25,057 ordinary shares of €0.01 each to be traded on the London Stock Exchange Main Market, effective September 1, 2026. These shares are being admitted in connection with the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan and will be fungible with existing ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc 26 August 2026 COCA-COLA EUROPACIFIC PARTNERS PLC (the "Company") Application for block admission to trading The Company announces that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the block admission of a total of 25,057 ordinary shares of €0.01 each in the capital of the Company to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange Main Market. The shares will be admitted in connection with the Company's employee share plan set out below and will be fungible with all other ordinary shares of the Company already admitted to trading. Share plan Number of shares to be admitted Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc Long Term Incentive Plan 25,057 Total shares to be admitted 25,057 Admission is expected to be effective on 1 September 2026. LEI: 549300LTH67W4GWMRF57 ISIN: GB00BDCPN049 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (DI) (CCEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Genus 1 hour ago Pan African Resources 1 hour ago Rio Tinto 1 hour ago Aviva 1 hour ago Mcbride All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and