BETA Close X Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc announced that as of March 31, 2026, it has 446,057,946 ordinary shares of €0.01 each in issue, with each share carrying one vote. The company confirmed that no shares are held in treasury, resulting in a total of 446,057,946 voting rights. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders and others to calculate their notification obligations regarding interests in the company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc 01 April 2026 Total Voting Rights and Capital This notification is made in conformity with DTR 5.6 of the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. As at 31 March 2026, Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc had 446,057,946 ordinary shares of €0.01 each in issue, each with one vote attached. No shares were held in treasury. The total number of voting rights is 446,057,946 and this figure may be used by shareholders and others with notification obligations as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc Lauren Brown Head of Secretariat +44 7919 485 062 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (DI) (CCEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and