BETA Close X Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc has released its Notice of Meeting for the 2026 Annual General Meeting, confirming its comparable operating profit guidance for the year ending December 31, 2026. The AGM will be held on May 28, 2026, and the company's 2025 Annual Report was published on March 13, 2026. Additionally, amended rules for the Long Term Incentive Plan will be available for inspection. CCEP's Q1 2026 trading update is scheduled for April 28, 2026. Disclaimer* Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc 16 April 2026 COCA-COLA EUROPACIFIC PARTNERS PLC 2026 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ("AGM") LONDON, 16 APRIL 2026 Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc ("CCEP") announces that the Notice of Meeting for its 2026 Annual General Meeting ("Notice of AGM") is available to view at: https://www.cocacolaep.com/about-us/governance/shareholder-meetings in which CCEP reaffirms its comparable operating profit guidance for the year ending 31 December 2026, as set out in its full year results announced on 17 February 2026. The AGM is to be to be held at 11:30am BST on 28 May 2026, at 1A Wimpole Street, London, W1G 0EA. CCEP's 2025 Annual Report and Form 20-F ("2025 Annual Report") was published on 13 March 2026 and can be found at https://ir.cocacolaep.com/financial-reports-and-results/annual-reports The 2025 Annual Report, Notice of AGM and Form of Proxy are also being sent to those shareholders who have requested to receive hard copies. In compliance with Listing Rule 6.4.1R, the Notice of AGM and Form of Proxy will shortly be available for inspection on the National Storage Mechanism at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The amended rules of the Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc Long Term Incentive Plan will also shortly be available for inspection on the National Storage Mechanism. CCEP's Q1 2026 trading update will be announced on 28 April 2026. CONTACTS Company Secretariat Svetlana Walker svetlana.walker@ccep.com Investor Relations Sarah Willett sarah.willett@ccep.com Media Relations Shanna Wendt mediaenquiries@ccep.com ABOUT CCEP Coca-Cola Europacific Partners is one of the world's leading consumer goods companies. We make, move and sell some of the world's most loved brands - serving nearly 600 million consumers and helping over 4 million customers across 31 countries grow. We combine the strength and scale of a large, multi-national business with an expert, local knowledge of the customers we serve and communities we support. The Company is currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam, NASDAQ, London Stock Exchange and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges, and a constituent of both the NASDAQ 100 and FTSE 100 indices, trading under the symbol CCEP (ISIN No. GB00BDCPN049). For more information about CCEP, please visit www.cocacolaep.com and follow CCEP on LinkedIn . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (DI) (CCEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and