BETA Close X Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc announced that Juan de Rueda Gamboa, Chief Public Affairs, Communications and Sustainability Officer, received a grant of 9,172 Performance Share Units on August 12, 2026, outside of a trading venue. These units are valued at USD $0 and are subject to continued service and performance conditions, with potential vesting on March 26, 2029. Disclaimer* Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc 12 August 2026 COCA-COLA EUROPACIFIC PARTNERS PLC (the "Company") Notification of transactions of Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMR") or persons closely associated with them ("PCA") 1. Details of PDMR / PCA a) Name Juan de Rueda Gamboa 2. Reason for notification a) Position / status Chief Public Affairs, Communications and Sustainability Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc b) LEI 549300LTH67W4GWMRF57 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument, Identification code Ordinary Shares of €0.01 each in the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") GB00BDCPN049 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a maximum award of Performance Share Units (" PSUs ") in respect of 9,172 Ordinary Shares under the terms of the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan. Subject to continued service and the extent to which the applicable performance conditions are satisfied, the PSUs will vest on 26 March 2029. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) USD $0 9,172 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Weighted average price - Price Aggregated Volume: 9,172 Ordinary Shares Weighted Average Price: USD $0 Aggregated Price: USD $0 e) Date of the transaction 2026-08-12 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (DI) (CCEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago PayPoint 49 minutes ago Computacenter 49 minutes ago Ninety One 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 4 hours ago Genus All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and