BETA Close X Aberdeen Group plc has announced that as of July 31, 2026, its issued share capital comprises 1,840,746,004 ordinary shares, each with one voting right, and the company holds no shares in treasury. This brings the total number of voting rights to 1,840,746,004, which shareholders can use as the denominator for calculating their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Aberdeen Group PLC 03 August 2026 Aberdeen Group plc ('the Company') Total Voting Rights In accordance with DTR 5.6.1, the Company hereby notifies that, as at 31 July 2026, the Company's issued share capital consists of 1,840,746,004 ord in ary shares with each share carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds no ordinary shares in treasury. The total number of voting rights in the Company, as at 31 July 2026, is therefore: 1,840,746,004 The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest, or a change to their interest, in the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. 3 August 2026 Enquiries: Group Secretariat: Rose Edwards +44 (0)7971 188 901 LEI number of Aberdeen Group plc: 0TMBS544NMO7GLCE7H90 END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Aberdeen Group plc (ABDN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and