BETA Close X Aberdeen Group plc announced that Non-Executive Directors Katie Bickerstaffe and Rick Lacaille acquired ordinary shares on 30 July 2026. Katie Bickerstaffe purchased 8,313 shares at 240.49p each on the London Stock Exchange, while Rick Lacaille acquired 50,000 shares at 242.36p each. These transactions represent initial notifications of PDMR interests. Disclaimer* Aberdeen Group PLC 31 July 2026 Aberdeen Group plc Notification of Interest of Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ('PDMRs') The notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Katie Bickerstaffe 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Aberdeen Group plc b) LEI 0TMBS544NMO7GLCE7H90 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares in Aberdeen Group plc with a nominal value of 13 61 / 63 p each ('Shares') Identification code GB00BF8Q6K64 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 240.49p per share 8,313 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 30 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Rick Lacaille 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Aberdeen Group plc b) LEI 0TMBS544NMO7GLCE7H90 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares in Aberdeen Group plc with a nominal value of 13 61 / 63 p each ('Shares') Identification code GB00BF8Q6K64 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 242.36p per share 50,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 30 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 31 July 2026 Enquiries: Rose Edwards Deputy Group Company Secretary +44 (0)7971 188 901 END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Aberdeen Group plc (ABDN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and