BETA Close X Aberdeen Group plc announced the issuance of 221 ordinary shares on August 10, 2026, under its Share Plan, which have been admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange. Following this, as of August 31, 2026, the company's total issued share capital comprises 1,840,746,225 ordinary shares with voting rights, with no shares held in treasury. Disclaimer* Aberdeen Group PLC 01 September 2026 Aberdeen Group plc ('the Company') Issue of Shares In accordance with PRM 1.6.4R, the Company confirms that on 10 August 2026, the Company issued and allotted 221 ordinary shares (ISIN: GB00BF8Q6K64) under the Aberdeen Group plc Share Plan. These shares were admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the Company's existing block admission arrangements and rank equally with the Company's existing ordinary shares. Following this issuance of shares, the Company confirms that as at 31 August 2026, the Company's issued share capital consisted of 1,840,746,225 Shares with voting rights. The Company holds no ordinary shares in treasury. 1 September 2026 Enquiries: Group Secretariat: Rose Edwards +44 (0)7971 188 901 LEI number of Aberdeen Group plc: 0TMBS544NMO7GLCE7H90 END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Aberdeen Group plc (ABDN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Knights Group Holdings 2 hours ago Aberforth Geared Value & Income Trust 3 hours ago CQS Natural Resources Growth and Income 6 hours ago Staffline Group 6 hours ago Shell All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and