BETA Close X Aberdeen Group plc has notified Bango PLC of a change in its major holding, crossing a threshold on August 3, 2026. The notification indicates that abrdn Investments Limited, acting under delegated voting rights from abrdn Holdings Limited, now effectively holds 5.515863% of Bango PLC's voting rights, totaling 4,250,128 shares. This change is a result of a transfer of portfolio management responsibilities for Herald Investment Trust plc, not an acquisition or disposal of underlying shares. Disclaimer* Bango PLC 05 August 2026 TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings 1. Issuer Details ISIN GB00B0BRN552 Issuer Name BANGO PLC UK or Non-UK Issuer UK 2. Reason for Notification An acquisition or disposal of voting rights 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name Aberdeen Group plc City of registered office (if applicable) Edinburgh Country of registered office (if applicable) United Kingdom 4. Details of the shareholder Full name of shareholder(s) if different from the person(s) subject to the notification obligation, above City of registered office (if applicable) Country of registered office (if applicable) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 03-Aug-2026 6. Date on which Issuer notified 05-Aug-2026 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8.A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights held in issuer Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 5.515863 0.000000 5.515863 4,250,128 Position of previous notification (if applicable) N/A N/A N/A 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 8A. Voting rights attached to shares Class/Type of shares ISIN code(if possible) Number of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) Number of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) % of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) % of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) GB00B0BRN552 4,250,128 5.515863 Sub Total 8.A 4,250,128 5.515863 8B1. Financial Instruments according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (a)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B1 8B2. Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (b)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Physical or cash settlement Number of voting rights % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation 2. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entities (please add additional rows as necessary) Ultimate controlling person Name of controlled undertaking % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Aberdeen Group plc Aberdeen Group plc abrdn Holdings Limited Aberdeen Group plc abrdn Investments Limited 5.515863 0.000000 5.515863 10. In case of proxy voting Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held If date does not apply, explain below 11. Additional Information In reference to Section 9, the shares detailed are managed by the named discretionary investment management entity within multiple portfolios on behalf of underlying clients, based on investment management agreements whereby the client has delegated the exercise of the voting power to the referenced investment manager. This disclosure also reflects the fact that the voting rights effectively held indirectly by the underlying intermediate holding company abrdn Holdings Limited ("aHL") and held by the underlying investment management entity abrdn Investments Limited ("aIL") increased above the 5% notifiable threshold. aHL now effectively holds and aIL holds the delegated voting rights to 5.515863% of the shares in Bango PLC. This notification arises solely as a result of the transfer of portfolio management responsibilities for Herald Investment Trust plc from Herald Investment Management Limited to abrdn Fund Managers Limited with delegation to abrdn Investments Limited effective 1 August 2026. No acquisition or disposal of the underlying shares has occurred. 12. Date of Completion 05-Aug-2026 13. Place Of Completion Aberdeen, United Kingdom This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bango (BGO) Aberdeen Group plc (ABDN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago South32 Limited (DI) 56 minutes ago Greatland Gold 1 hour ago Audioboom Group 14 hours ago Legal & General Group 16 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and