BETA Close X Aberdeen Group plc announced the appointment of Torbjörn Magnusson as Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate, effective immediately, who will assume the Chair role upon regulatory approval. Magnusson brings over 30 years of leadership experience in financial services, including significant executive and board roles at Sampo, Hastings Group, and Nordea Bank, and has a strong track record in delivering growth and shareholder value. His annual fee for the Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate role will be £475,000. Disclaimer* Aberdeen Group PLC 09 September 2026 Aberdeen Group plc Appointment of new Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate Aberdeen Group plc (" Aberdeen " or the " Company ") is pleased to announce that Torbjörn Magnusson will join its Board as a Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate with effect from today. Torbjörn will become Chair of the Board following relevant regulatory approvals, and a further announcement will be made in due course. This follows the Company's announcement last year that Sir Douglas Flint would stand down as Chair by the 2026 AGM. Since then, Jonathan Asquith has served as interim Chair and will continue in role until Torbjörn's appointment as Chair takes effect. The appointment concludes a rigorous search process that considered a wide range of candidates with diverse experience. Jonathan Asquith, interim Chairman said: "We are delighted to have Torbjörn joining the Board as Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate. He is a highly regarded and versatile international business leader who brings more than 30 years of leadership experience spanning a breadth of CEO, Non-Executive Director, and Chair roles across large financial services businesses. Torbjörn has a particularly strong track record of delivering growth and creating shareholder value over many years in businesses serving personal and corporate customers. He knows the opportunities and challenges emerging from the fast-changing dynamics of the financial services industry. He also understands the complex stakeholder environment of running a modern listed company and has direct experience of working in the UK regulatory framework. As we look forward, Torbjörn is an excellent match to help Aberdeen achieve our growth ambitions." Torbjörn Magnusson, Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate said: "Aberdeen already plays a vital role in helping millions of people turn their financial goals into reality, and with the wealth and investments markets set to grow substantially over the next few years, there are exciting opportunities ahead. Aberdeen has transformed its performance materially over the last few years, building the foundations for long-term value creation. I am very much looking forward to working with the Board, and with Jason and his management team, to help the company continue that progress and achieve its ambitions." Torbjörn serves as a Non-Executive Director of Canopius Group. He recently stepped down as a Non-Executive Director of Hastings Group, where he was previously Chair. Biographical details: Torbjörn Magnusson served as Chair of Nordea Bank Abp from 2019 to 2022 and as Deputy Chair from 2022 to 2023, representing Sampo Group as the bank's largest shareholder during a period of significant strategic and operational change. He was also Chair of UK digital insurer Hastings Group and leading Danish insurer Topdanmark, and currently serves as a Non-Executive Director of global specialty (re)insurer Canopius. During a highly successful executive career Mr Magnusson served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Sampo for nearly six years, stepping down in 2025 after developing the business into one of the Nordic region's largest financial services groups. He also led Sampo's £1.7 billion acquisition of Hastings, strengthening the group's presence in the UK market. Previously, Mr Magnusson served as President and CEO of If P&C Insurance from 2002 until 2019 and as Chair from 2019 to 2025. Having studied engineering and mathematics, he began his career with Arthur Andersen before moving into actuarial and insurance roles at Skandia and Mercantile & General Re. In accordance with UK Listing Rule ("UKLR") 6.4.8R, save for the information disclosed above, there are no further matters required to be disclosed in relation to Mr Magnusson's appointment. This announcement is made in accordance with UKLR 6.4.6R. 9 September 2026 ENDS Notes to Editors: Mr Magnusson's fee will be £475,000 per annum. Enquiries: Media Duncan Young +44 (0) 7920 868 865 Group Secretariat Iain Jones +44 (0) 7464 917 797 * Calls may be monitored and/or recorded to protect both you and us and help with our training. Call charges will vary. LEI number of Aberdeen Group plc: 0TMBS544NMO7GLCE7H90 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Aberdeen Group plc (ABDN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Spirax Group plc 1 hour ago RentGuarantor Holdings PLC 1 hour ago Rosebank Industries Plc 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and