We are
futurists

[waa

Sooo

COMPANIES HOUSE

Annual report and accounts 2020

Contents

1. Strategic report

Our business ..... 1
Message from the Chairman 3
Chief Executive Officer's review . 6
Our strategy and business model... 9
Our clients 2... 14
Our people... 20
Our society... 24
Chief Financial Officer's overview . 30
Risk manageMent ............sserr 38
Governance
2. Board of Directors . 44
3. Corporate governance statement . 48
3.1 Audit Committee report 59
3.2 Risk and Capital Committee report. 66
3.3 Nomination and Governance
Committee report... 70
3.4 Directors’ remuneration report 73
4. Directors’ repor 96
5. Statement of Directors’ responsibilities. 103
Financial information
6. Independent audit repot 106
7. Group financial statements . 115
8. Company financial statements 214
9. Supplementary information. 222
Other information
10. Glossary. 236

11. Shareholder information
12. Forward-looking statements .
13. Contact us ..

239
Ipc

io) This symbol indicates further information is
available within this annual report or on the
Group corporate website.

Download this report from:
www.standardlifeaberdeen.com/annualreport

The Annual report and accounts 2020 and the
Strategic report and financial highlights 2020 are
published on the Group's website at
www.standardlifeaberdeen.com/annualreport

Access to the website is available outside the
UK, where comparable information may be different.

@ Investment performance
(three years)

66%

2019: 60%

Adjusted profit
before tax

£487m

2019: £584m

IFRS profit
before tax

£838m

2019: £243m

@ Full year dividend
per share

14.6p

2019: 21.6p

Net flows (Excl LBG
tranche withdrawals)

£3.1bn outflow

2019: £17.4bn outflow

Certain measures such as fee based revenue and adjusted profit before
tax are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standard
(IFRS) and are therefore termed alternative performance measures
(APMs).

APMs should be read together with the Group's IFRS consolidated income
statement, IFRS consolidated statement of financial position and IFRS
consolidated statement of cash flows, which are presented in the Group
financial statements section of this report. Further details on APMs are
included in Supplementary information.

All figures are shown on a continuing operations basis unless otherwise
stated.

See page 31 for details on all of our financial key performance indicators
(KPIs) and page 21 for details on our employee engagement KPI. See
‘Supplementary information for details about the investment
performance calculation.

We are

futurists

Systematically explores possibilities about

enabling our clients
to be

better investors

Our business

Our client focused business

We operate across three vectors that reflect how our clients interact with us. Through these
vectors, and using time, technology and talent, Standard Life Aberdeen has the full
ecosystem of capabilities to enable our clients to be better investors.

We provide services across three growth vectors

: deliver superior outcomes for
' our clients.

Al Investments

Our global asset management
capability thrives on curiosity
and collaboration. It is
powered by technology so that |
the investment decisions we
make today enable the
outcomes our clients expect
tomorrow. '

Our clients want solutions that
meet complex requirements
over multiple durations,
including those for retirement
planning, healthcare and
education.

As our core business, our goal
is to leverage our global
Presence and our meticulous |
research to consistently |
'
|

£457bn aum'

~~ A
920 Adviser

Our market-leading UK
financial adviser business
provides services through the
Wrap and Elevate platforms to
wealth managers and
advisers.

Our platforms enable our
clients to deliver their core
services, access high-quality
financial planning technology,
simplify the services and
enable the scale of their
businesses.

Our goal is to excel on
experience, as well as the
efficiency of our services to
wealth managers and
advisers.

£67bn auma'

(Se Personal

Our Personal business
combines our financial
planning business 1825, our
digital direct-to-consumer
services and discretionary
fund management services
from Aberdeen Standard
Capital. Our range of services
includes ISAs and investment
accounts.

We deliver advice and
outcomes for a growing

+ population of charities,

advisers and individuals who
are seeking guidance at the
moments of time that matter to
them.

Our goal is to provide good
advice and high-quality and
accessible services direct to

+ consumers to help them plan
; for, and meet, their financial
! futures.

£13bn auma'

Fee based revenue

£1,146m

Fee based revenue

£137m

Fee based revenue

£80m

' Total AUMA at 31 December 2020 was £534.6bn including Parmenion of £8.1bn less Eliminations of £10.7bn, See page 33 for more information.

2

Standard Life Aberdeen 2020

Message from the Chairman

Delivering for our stakeholders through

unprecedented times

2020 was a year like no other. The COVID-19 pandemic touched every corner of so!

8
6
2
fal
+
fo)
2
3

affecting lives to an extent not experienced for generations, changing the ways we live and
work. Resilience and adaptability were essential to our continuing to deliver for our clients
and customers and | am proud of the way the leadership of the company, with the support of
all our colleagues, stepped up to meet the challenges.

Image
removed

Sir Douglas Flint, Chairman

It was also a year of further transition in our businesses as we
welcomed Stephen Bird as our new Chief Executive Officer and,
building on the transformation progress delivered following our
merger and the sale of our UK and European insurance business,
we tasked him with positioning the company for growth. This has
generated a fresh excitement within the company,
notwithstanding the difficult external environment.

Responding to the pandemic.

Before | talk more broadly about progress in our business, | must
reflect on the context in which we continue to operate. When |
wrote about the outlook in my statement in last year's annual
report, the pandemic was only in its early stages and the extent of
the human and economic loss, and the restrictions on our ways of
working and living that we have seen over the last year, were
then unimaginable.

From the outset, we prioritised both the safety and wellbeing of
our colleagues, and equipped them with the tools and resources
to work remotely to meet the needs of our clients and customers.
Virtually all our colleagues are still working from home, and we
are evolving safe, new, working practices for people who need to
collaborate with their colleagues face-to-face. We have taken the
opportunity to redesign and re-purpose our main offices. When
restrictions ease, we will be back working in a new way, making

time spent in the office more collaborative and constructive.

Everyone, of course, is still concerned about the wellbeing of their
loved ones and many are juggling caring responsibilities. On top
of this, turbulent markets and a faltering economy have led to
mental stress and uncertainty around finances and futures. Some
of our colleagues are caring for vulnerable family members and
friends, others have been negotiating home schooling, or feelings
of isolation. The vaccine roll-out brings hope, but until the
programme is complete and we can find our way back to a new
version of normal life, my deepest thanks to all our colleagues
who continue to deliver in these difficult circumstances,

Positioning for growth

The economic backdrop caused by the pandemic meant we did
not build revenue in 2020 but we made encouraging progress in
related areas. Notably, we reduced net outflows, improved both
consultant ratings and investment performance and met major
milestones in delivering the technology framework needed to
underpin future growth. Additionally, following Stephen Bird's
appointment, we repositioned the company around three growth
vectors. We added emphasis to our personal business and
adviser platforms, increased our commitment to technology-
driven investment solutions and repositioned our real estate
business through the planned sale of our direct real estate
business in the Nordics. In December, we announced the
acquisition of one of Europe's leading logistics real estate fund
managers, Tritax. On top of this, we announced the intention to
sell Parmenion, one of our three adviser platform businesses, in
order to bring clarity to our adviser platform strategy.

With market conditions in India favourable, we continued, as
previously indicated, to sell down our stake in HDFC Life realising
a further £0.6bn in proceeds and generating a profit of £0.5bn
from the share sales. This disposal also resulted in a one-off
accounting gain of £1,051m due to a change in classification of
our investment in HDFC Life. We continue to have valuable
stakes in Phoenix, HDFC Life and HDFC Asset Management.
Together these stakes are worth £3.7bn as at 5 March 2021.
Reflecting the impact on reported and future revenues from
projections of global equity markets and a change in mix with a
higher proportion of lower margin assets, an impairment of
£915m in the asset management goodwill was reported during
the year.

Our capital resources and liquidity position remain strong. At the
end of December capital resources stood at £3.4bn, an excess
over regulatory requirements of £2.3bn. During 2020 we returned
£0.5bn to shareholders through dividends and a further £0.4bn by
way of share buyback.

The Board remains committed to delivering a dividend that is
sustainable over the medium term. Having reflected on current
operating profitability and industry trends, together with residual
economic and market uncertainties as the global economy deals

Standard Life Aberdeen 2020 3

Message from the Chairman continued

with the aftermath of the pandemic, the Board has concluded it
should take this opportunity to rebase the dividend to a level from
which it is confident the dividend can be grown in due course.
This decision also reflects the Board's assessment of
opportunities to deploy the Group's current capital strength in
growth opportunities as it builds the strategy around the three
growth vectors set out in our Strategic report.

The Board is therefore recommending a final dividend in respect
of 2020 of 7.3p, bringing the total dividend for the year to 14.6p, a
32% reduction from the total dividend paid in respect of 2019
(21.6p). It is the Board's current intention to maintain the total
dividend at this level (with the interim and final at the same
amount per share), until it is covered at least 1.5 times by
adjusted capital generation, at which point the Board will seek to
grow the dividend in line with its assessment of the underlying
medium term growth in profitability.

New leadership

In terms of Board changes, as previously intimated, we welcomed
Brian McBride to the Board in May. Brian's experience in digital
business, and in particular using technology effectively in markets
facing disruptive new entrants, is proving extremely valuable as
we build our adviser and personal growth vectors.

The second and major change last year was of course the
appointment of Stephen Bird as our new CEO. Early in 2020,
Keith Skeoch and | initiated conversations on succession
planning. Keith was instrumental in leading the business as the
pandemic took hold and as we moved from the initial stage of
managing the impacts to looking at the longer term, we both felt
the timing was right.

The Board was extremely fortunate to identify and recruit an
outstanding successor in Stephen Bird who had enjoyed, until he
retired, a long and distinguished career at Citigroup, latterly
serving as CEO of its Global Consumer Banking business — | was
delighted to welcome him as our new CEO. Stephen officially
took over the role in September, after joining the Board in July.

| have known Stephen for many years and have admired his
leadership experience and skills. He tackles complexity fearlessly,
has an ability to create valuable partnerships and is expert at
guiding businesses through periods of major change. He also has
a great track record in leading businesses to harness digital
technology. Now his task is to prepare our business to do this — to
improve both productivity and client and customer experience.
The latter is particularly relevant as the trend towards individual
savers taking more responsibility for managing their money
continues to develop at pace. Stephen's global experience,
building businesses in both Asia and the US, will also be
invaluable as we reposition our business for growth in these
markets. Furthermore, his experience of managing through many
downturns, including the global financial crisis, means he is well
placed to lead the business at this critical juncture.

Stephen has already made a significant impact. He has made a
careful evaluation of our business based on dialogue with all of
our stakeholders and, as a result, reformulated his leadership
team and realigned our strategy for long-term growth. He shares
more detail in the following pages.

| want to take this opportunity to thank Keith Skeoch and
recognise his accomplished leadership as our Chief Executive
and, for a period, Co-Chief Executive over five years. Given the
‘scale and range of his contributions, transitioning away from his
leadership was always going to be a challenge. Keith was central
in the creation of Standard Life Investments and led the business
to being a global asset manager in its own right. Foreseeing the
industry trends which would force complex strategic choices,
Keith, alongside Martin Gilbert, guided the business through the
merger between Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management
—as well as the deal with Phoenix Group — reconfiguring the
business at a time of significant change within our industry. He
was a decisive and empathetic leader during the COVID-19 crisis
and has supported the transition to the new leadership selflessly.
For all this we owe him a huge debt of gratitude. Martin Gilbert,
whose retirement was announced at this time last year, left the
Board at last year’s AGM and finally retired in September. We
wish them both well in their future endeavours

Section 172 statement

The Board recognises that the
long-term success of our
business is dependent on the
way it works with a large
number of important
stakeholders. The Directors
have had regard to the
interests of all our
stakeholders (including, for
example, our clients, our
people, our communities and
our shareholders) while
complying with their
obligations to promote the
success of the Company in
line with section 172 of the
Companies Act.

The Board has discussed
these obligations throughout
the year, including how
stakeholder engagement is
incorporated into our long-
term decision-making with
further details provided on
pages 50 to 51.

The Board's decision-making
considers both risk and
reward in pursuit of delivering
long-term value for all of our
stakeholders, and protecting
their interests. Awareness and
understanding of the current
and the potential risks to the

business, including both
financial and non-financial
risks, are fundamental to how
we manage the business.
Further information on how
risks are appropriately
assessed, monitored,
controlled and governed is
provided in the Risk
management section.

During 2020, some of the
Board's stakeholder
engagement plans had to be
altered to comply with COVID-
19 restrictions. For example,
the Board Employee

Engagement Group, led by
non-Executive Director
Melanie Gee, continued to
engage with employees
through online channels —
both directly and as part of
regular meetings with
employee representative
groups.

@)_ Yowcan read more about
how we connect with our
stakeholders in the pages

that follow.

4 Standard Life Aberdeen 2020

4 We play an important role in identifying
opportunities for clients in challenging
global markets, providing the capital to
help rebuild and reshape the post-
pandemic recovery, and ensuring that
capital is prioritised to businesses with
sustainable futures as part of global
commitments to ‘build back better’.

Our role in society

The global pandemic reminds us that the major challenges facing
society can only be solved through global co-ordination and
cooperation. Companies are, rightly, under mounting pressure to
conduct business in a way that is not only economically sound,
but also socially and environmentally responsible. This means
ensuring that a company is governed in the interests of ail
stakeholders, including employees, customers, society as a
whole and the planet.

Many of the social issues and inequalities evident today are not
new. However, they have been starkly highlighted and are
deepening as a result of the pandemic. The negative impact is
greater in some groups than others, with younger workers,
minority ethnic communities, women and those already
disadvantaged, suffering disproportionately.

We are very conscious of the wider contribution we can make to
the communities we serve. This ranges from directing funds to
communities most in need, to investing in the skills of the next
generation that will be critical for long-term economic recovery.

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations
have always been and remain an integral part of our decision-
making process. Now, more than ever, the impact of COVID-19
underlines the need for this. Tackling climate change must remain
a priority. We will pursue this in the businesses in which we invest
and in our own operations. Companies like ours have a critical
role to play in accelerating the transition to a sustainable, net zero
economy. We are committed to achieving net zero and we will be
setting out our plans later this year.

As we look ahead to the important UN Climate Conference
(COP26) meeting in Glasgow this year, we are taking further
steps to ensure our ESG strategy is fully and transparently
integrated into how our business operates and that our approach
demonstrates leadership within our industry. Stephen shares
more about this on page 7.

Looking ahead

Global change brings opportunity for active asset management.
Our businesses operate on the world stage, and we see the world
in 2021 providing both great challenges and great opportunities.
The roll-out of effective vaccine programmes raises hopes for a
return to a more ‘normal life. However, manufacture, distribution
and vaccination of the entire global population is no simple task; it
will be a multi-year, sustained effort.

In this context some industries will be winners, while others will
shrink or need to rapidly adapt. Investment opportunities in
infrastructure, technology, life sciences and the transition to a net
Zero future will attract great support. As active managers, we play
an important role in identifying opportunities for clients in these
challenging global markets, providing the capital to help rebuild
and reshape the post-pandemic recovery, and ensuring that
capital is prioritised to businesses with sustainable futures as part
of global commitments to ‘build back better’.

Importantly, many of last year’s uncertainties are now resolved.
We have a new president in the White House, the UK has agreed
a Trade and Cooperation Agreement with the EU avoiding a ‘no
deal’ Brexit, a variety of vaccines to counter the threatening
impact of the coronavirus pandemic are being rolled out and
economic forecasts are predicting a bounce-back in consumption
and activity once a normalisation of daily life is achieved. On the
other side of the world; Asia led by China is already well
undemay with relatively stronger economic growth. The US
economy is also now projected to bounce back strongly given the
fiscal stimulus support recently approved.

| remain hugely optimistic for the future success of this business.
With our leadership succession secured, a refreshed strategic
focus, and investment in our growth vectors, innovation and
talent, we have everything we need to meet the challenges and
opportunities ahead and deliver for our stakeholders today, and in
the future.

‘ of QA

Sir Douglas Flint
Chairman

Standard Life Aberdeen 2020 5

a
2
53
a
co)
ro)
2
9
6
3

Chief Executive Officer's review

Building the future, starting now

Strong businesses that grow sustainably obsess over consistently providing exceptional
client value. We are in the process of strengthening that client obsession and optimistic

sense of urgency to put Standard Life Aberdeen i

its best possible compe!

we prepare to enter our third century of serving clients in 2025. This is the reason I joined the
company, and why | test every decision we make against that goal. It is a privilege to have
this leadership responsibility and | am confident that we as a team are already moving

quickly in the right direction.

Image
removed

Stephen Bird, Chief Executive Officer

Our one true north is enabling our clients to be better investors.
That is the value we bring, we harness the power of time,

technology and talent to enable our clients to achieve their goals.

Different clients with different goals and different solutions, all
powered by meticulous research, a global perspective, sound
judgement and a relentless drive to both understand and shape
the future.

When | joined the company in summer last year, my priority was
to get under the skin of the firm so | could begin to understand it
inside out. | met with and listened carefully to our clients,
colleagues and shareholders so that | could understand the
journey we were on and the expectations each group had of us.
My goal was to form a realistic picture of our strengths and
weaknesses, combined with opportunities and threats.

What | quickly came to understand was that we have a great
company, with talented people, a proud heritage and real
financial strength. We also have deep relationships with our
clients, based on providing a great service and a broad range of
diversified products and solutions.

On the other side, revenues were declining and our costs were
too high, resulting in a squeeze on our profitability. The company
is still processing two large transactions — the merger and the

sale of the Standard Life long-term insurance business to our
largest client Phoenix — and we have been too slow to determine
our future growth strategy and therefore invest in some key areas.
The strategy | am setting out today will address these challenges
‘so we Can return to sustainable growth.

Client led growth

Our strategy is to deliver client led growth. Client led growth is
always the highest quality growth. This is because it is rooted in
understanding client outcomes, driven by needs, wants and
aspirations — which in turn allows the delivery of intuitive,
satisfying client experiences.

We are futurists. This means we harness the compounding power
of time, we leverage technology to connect with our clients and to
invest intelligently and we channel the relentless curiosity of our
team so that we keep learning and improving every day. The
talent of our team when harnessed to enable client goals is the
core of our business. | know that we must continue to invest in
making this a great place to work, attracting and nurturing talent.
We operate across three ‘vectors’ that reflect how our clients
interact with us: Investments — a truly global asset management
business serving institutional and wholesale clients; Adviser -—a
UK financial adviser technology platform that helps financial
advisers and the firms they work for deliver advice over the length
and breadth of the UK; and Personal — a high-potential UK
wealth and savings business. Through these three vectors, and
using time, technology and talent, Standard Life Aberdeen has
the full ecosystem of capabilities to enable our clients to be better
investors.

In our Investments vector, we use our research, judgement and
experience to deliver outcomes that meet client expectations as
they continually evolve. This is not about any individual asset
class though each one is a critical part of the solution, rather, it is
all about fully understanding client objectives and delivering
optimal solutions in a dynamic ecosystem which is asset-agnostic
and highly efficient. In doing so, as we do for Phoenix and other
key clients, we provide compelling value, and we create long-
term, sophisticated growth partnerships.

In our Adviser vector, we understand the importance of time to
advisers, their businesses and their clients. Our core strategy is to
be the easiest platform to do business with and to use well
designed technology to deliver great experience for advisers and
their clients.

In our Personal vector, we are driven by delivering positive
outcomes for clients at the moments of time that matter most to
them. Our technology will support ease of access and transacting
in ways that our clients value. We have an organic growth plan
and we are executing against it with vigour. We also recognise
that scale is important and there may be inorganic or partnership
opportunities that will allow us to achieve greater relevance and
scale more quickly.

6 Standard Life Aberdeen 2020

On pages 16 to 19 we share more detail about the opportunities
in each.

In realigning around these three growth vectors, we are also
taking out complexity and inefficiencies. Our integration
programme has progressed well in 2020 and we are committed to
getting it done in 2021.

In 2020, revenues have declined by 13%, while costs have
reduced by 10%, resulting in an adjusted operating profit of
£219m (2019: £301m), with an adjusted profit before tax of
£487m (2019: £584m). Our cost/income ratio remains too high. In
order to address this, we must have a laser focus on increasing
revenue through sustainable growth, whilst eliminating
duplication, sub scale activities and unnecessary costs. To do
this, we will optimise our operating system to power the business,
make smarter use of technology, get more from our strategic
partnerships with suppliers and simplify the business, giving
colleagues at all levels more responsibility for decision making.
Doing this will give us the headroom to invest where we have the
greatest potential for growth. The IFRS profit before tax is £838m
(2019: £243m), reflecting principally increased profit on disposal
of interests in associates, offset by impairments.

Asingle brand to build on

We have different groups of clients but our business model is still
greatly interconnected. To make the most of this ecosystem, our
clients need to have a consistent experience when they interact
with us. When | joined the company we had at least five client
facing brands plus a different corporate identity. Clients,
colleagues and partners told me our branding is confusing and
needs to be fixed.

In response to this feedback, we will be rebranding to use one
consistent brand name for our publicly listed company and for all
our client facing businesses. Our brand will make a promise that
we will fulfil and having a single brand will allow us to get a better
return on the investments we make in marketing and sales.

In February, we announced that we had reshaped and refocused
our relationship with Phoenix such that we both could be strong
independent partners for the next 10 years, focused on growing
our own respective businesses and growing our partnership in
asset management. To this end, we have agreed to sell the
Standard Life brand to Phoenix Group which simplifies and
Clarifies the original sale of our Standard Life long-term insurance
business.

Our new identity is one of the key projects for the year ahead and
| am excited about this bold step. Not only does it mean a more
consistent experience for our clients, it also ensures we get better
value from every pound we spend on our brand. It also means all
of our colleagues will work under the same banner, reinforcing
our team per