$C286832

Resilience from
diversification

Annual report and accounts 2022

abrdn ple

jn

At abrdn, we are
reshaping our business
to serve a wider range
of clients to plan, save
and invest for the future.

By diversifying our business,
we are positioning ourselves
for growth in a changing
investment landscape.

This annual report and accounts 2022 for abrdn ple, and the strategic report and
financial highlights 2022 are published on our website at www.abrdn.com/annualreport

Access to the website is available outside the UK, where comparable information may
be different.

(>) Certain measures such as adjusted operating profit, adjusted profit before tax,
adjusted capital generation and cost/income ratio, are not defined under
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are therefore termed
alternative performance measures (APMs).

APMs should be read together with the Group's consolidated income statement,
consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of cash flows,
which are presented in the Group financial statements section of this report. The
revenue APM included within adjusted operating profit has been renamed from fee
based revenue to net operating revenue. Further details on APMs are included in
Supplementary information.

See Supplementary information for details on assets under management and
administration (AUMA), net flows and the investment performance calculation, The
calculation of investment performance has been revised to use a closing AUM weighting
basis. 2021 comparatives have been restated, Net flows in the Highlights page excludes
liquidity flows as they are volatile and lower margin. It also excludes Lloyds Banking

- Group (LBG) tranche withdrawals relating to the settlement of arbitration with LBG.

Adjusted operating @
profit

£263m

2021: £323m

Investment performance
(% of AUM above benchmark
over three years)

65%

2021: 78%

IFRS (loss)/profit before
tax

(615m)

2021:£1,115m

Full year dividend per
share

14.6p

Net flows

2021: 14.6p

MSCIESG Rating

(Excl. liquidity and LBG)

£10.3bn

outflow

2021: £3.2bn outflow

Contents

1. Strategic report

Our business at a glance
Chairman's statement

Chief Executive Officer's review
Our business model and strategy
Performance overview

Our vectors

Sustainability

Key performence indicators
Chief Financial Officer's overview
Risk management

Governance

2. Board of Directors

3. Corporate governance statement
3.1 Audit Committee report
3.2 Risk and Capital Committee report
3.3 Nomination and Governance
Committee report
3.4 Directors’ remuneration report

4, Directors! report

5, Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

AAA

2021: AA

Financial information

2 6. Independent auditor's report
4 7. Group financial statements
7 8. Company financial statements
10 9. Supplementary information
14
16 Other information
28 10. Glossary
48 11. Shareholder information
50 12. Forward-looking statements
64 13. Contact us
70
74
86
95
[| This symbol indicates further information
99 O— is avoilable within this document or on our
corporate website.
103
431 TT Download this report from:
137 www.abrdn.com/annualreport

Annual report 2022 abrdn.com

140
156
265
279

292
296
297
IBC.

HOGS DIORLVULS

Ata glance

Resilience
from diversification

Our clients’ worlds are changing, and so are we

Global investments | UK savings and wealth

platforms
Investments Adviser Personal
— Insurance companies ~ Pension funds - Financial advisers — Individuals
- Sovereign wealth funds ~ Platforms — Discretionary fund
- Independent wealth — Banks managers
managers - Family offices

As industry trends and client behaviours have evolved, so have we.

We have focused on diversifying the earnings profile of our business -
moving away from a reliance on the market-driven revenues of a traditional
asset manager and, through the earnings potential of our Adviser and
Personal vectors, positioning ourselves to leverage opportunities in areas
that are being driven by attractive structural factors.

Investments

Adjusted operating profit

£114m

Adviser Personal

Adjusted
operating profit

&86m

Adjusted
operating profit

£72m

Be,

Note: Adjusted operating profit in 2022 is £263m, including « loss of £9m from Corporate/strotegic whichis excluded from the diogram above.

2 abrdncom | Annual report 2022

Our strategy is
to deliver client-led growth

Our four strategic priorities are

@) ©

Asia | Sustainability | Alternatives |

Our three businesses are

Investments

Our capabilities in our
Investments business are built
on the strength of our insight

- generated from wide-
ranging research, worldwide
investment expertise and
local market knowledge.

AUM

£376bn

Adviser

Our Adviser business provides
financial planning solutions and
technology for UK financial
advisers, enabling them to
create value for their
businesses and their clients,

Cost/income

ratio

89%

Personal

Powered by the UK's second
largest direct-to-consumer
investment platform, our
Personal business enables
individuals in the UK to plan,
save and invest in the way
that works for them.

UK savings
and wealth

1WOdRYDIOALVULS

J

AUA Cost/income

£69bn 54%

AUMA Cost/income

&67bn 64%

Our purpose is
to enable our clients to

be better investors

Annual report 2022 |

3
8

O

abrdn.com 3

Chairman's statement

Progressing
against our
strategic
priorities

This period has
provided a stress test
to economies,
financial markets and
indeed to our own
business; the learnings
are invaluable.

Sir Douglas Flint Chair

4 abrdn.com Annual report 2022

2022 turned out to be a year like no other inrecent
memory, with a series of unexpected events across the
globe.

Most significantly, the Russian invasion of Ukraine
brought scenes of chaos, destruction and human
suffering on a scale not seen in Europe since the Second
World War. Already fragile geopolitical tensions
intensified, in particular between the United States and
China. Energy costs rocketed, impacting all sectors of
the economy and requiring fiscal intervention to
prevent business collapse and unacceptable hardship
for people experiencing exceptionally high bills. Food
supplies also faced disruption contributing to the high
levels of cost inflation.

As inflation re-emerged from its dormancy, Central
Banks increased policy interest rates across most of the
major Western economies to temper inflationary
expectations. Critical economic cross-border
dependencies became apparent, precipitating an
exhaustive global examination of supply chain
resilience. China's unwinding of its zero-COVID policy at
the end of 2022, while long encouraged in the West,
may in the near term add to global supply chain
uncertainties as its economy, health systems and
population adjust to living with the virus.

And here in the UK we saw unprecedented political
instability, with three Prime Ministers and four
Chancellors within a four-month period to the end of
October. We have entered 2023 facing strikes across
much of the public sector, threatening both economic
growth and higher inflation.

We adjusted our business model
to meet our clients’ needs

It was against this backdrop that we adjusted our
business model and investment priorities to meet client
and customer needs and to make our own business
more sustainable and resilient for the future.

As we stand back to reflect, we observe this period hos
provided a stress test to economies, financial markets
and indeed to our own business; the learnings are
invaluable.

Embedding resilience as our
three-vector model takes
additional shape

Perhaps the most important lessons for us are the need
for resilience in our business model and, as an investor,
the enduring importance of fundamental analysis to
deliver long-term value through our investment
processes.

The unexpected and dramatic events noted above had
understandable adverse impacts both on market levels
at various points in the year and on flows as an
unprecedented level of withdrawals was made from
equity funds across the industry. We were not immune
from these impacts. What was encouraging was that
the impacts were largely seen across public markets in
the Investments vector with real assets and our other
two vectors in Personal and Adviser proving much more
resilient - reinforcing the decisions made to direct more
of our capital towards these businesses.

We made further progress against our priorities in 2022.
The development of the three-vector model introduced
in 2021 took additional shape during the year, most
markedly through completion of the acquisition of
interactive investor (ii). On top of this, the refocusing of
the Investments vector to improve productivity and play
to competitive advantage moved from the planning
phase to execution with much more to come in 2023.
Some examples include fund rationalisation, where we
are on track to consolidate or close some 80 funds this
year, having consolidated or closed 58 in 2022.
Additionally, we are focusing our real assets business on
areas such as the living sector (including residential and
student), where we are one of Europe's largest
residential fund managers, and on industrial.and
logistics real estate where our subsidiary Tritax has
grown assets under management by over 40% post our
Acquisition. Activity to support repositioning has also
iricluded moving to distribution partnership models in
Taiwan and Australia.

This report elaborates on the progress made in the
Investments vector on pages 16-19.

1NOGRHDIOALVULS.

Financial performance reflects
expanded Personal and Adviser
contributions

Adjusted operating profit at £263m was 19% lower than
that achieved in the prior year (2021: £323m); the
decline was concentrated in the Investments vector
primarily for the reasons highlighted previously and
reflects the further work required to refocus the
Investments business. ii contributed £67m in its first
seven months of our ownership, ahead of our business
case modelling on acquisition, benefiting from the rise in
interest rates on uninvested cash balances. Together
our Personal and Adviser businesses contributed 60% of
adjusted operating profit in the year, a contribution that
is expected to grow taking into account the full year
contribution from ii from now on. Our IFRS pre-tax loss
amounted to £615m (2021: profit £1,115m) which
included the impact of impairments of intangible assets
mainly in the Investments business and lower share
prices for our significant listed investments.

Stephen and Stephanie provide greater insights into
performance across our vectors in their reports.

Continuing strong capital
management discipline

Capital management discipline was strong during the
year andremains a core philosophy of the company.
We augmented capital resources outside of operating
activity through further disposals of non-core stakes
realising £0.8bn; we completed share buybacks
amounting to £0.3bn and we invested c£1.5bn in the
acquisition of ii. We declared an interim dividend of 7.3p
per share which was paid on 27 September 2022 and
the Board is recommending a final dividend also of 7.3p
per share to be paid on 16 May 2023, subject to
shareholder approval at the AGM in May. Our
regulatory capital position remains strong. Stephanie
covers all of this in more detail in her report.

Board matters

As foreshadowed in my statement last year Catherine
Bradley, Mike O'Brien and Pam Kaur joined the Board
during the course of 2022. They have made significant
contributions to our discussions and we are delighted
with how well they have integrated into the rhythm of
our Board meetings which happily are now primarily in
person again.

Cecilia Reyes advised us in September that she would
not seek a second term when her first term concluded
at the end of that month. Cecilia brought great insight
and experience to the Board, Risk and Capital, and
Remuneration Committees. We wish her well in her
future endeavours.

Annual report 2022 abrdn.com 5

Chairman’s statement continued

Additionally, Brian McBride has advised that he will not
seek re-election at our Annual General Meeting on 10
May 2023 and will stand down from that date as a Non-
Executive Director and as amember of the
Remuneration Committee. On behalf of the Board and
all my colleagues, | would like to thank Brian for his
significant contribution to abrdn. He served on the
Board, several subsidiary boards and the Remuneration
Committee. We will all miss Brian's insights and
guidance. His direct experience of private market
investments and consumer-facing businesses has
brought significant value to our Board and Committee
discussions. We wish him all the best as he pursues his
many other interests.

Finally, |am sure shareholders will wish to join with the
Board and our colleagues in congratulating our former
CEO, Sir Keith Skeoch on his well-deserved knighthood
in the recent New Year Honours.

Looking forward to amore
sustainable world

Notwithstanding the severity and combined impact of
the events noted in my opening paragraphs, they
cannot compare to the existential threat that continues
to grow relatively unabated from failure to make.
Progress on constraining global warming to the agreed
target of 1.5°C.

COP27 held last year in Sharm el-Sheikh largely failed to
expand commitments made a year earlier, in our native
Scotland, to phase out fossil fuels. The one major step
forward was the agreement of a deal that has been
sought for over 30 years to launch a fund for ‘loss and
damage’ to support nations most exposed to the
consequences of climate change, but details and
financial funding remain to be agreed.

Already we can observe much greater incidence of
extreme weather events which are having devastating
effects on the impacted economies and are
contributing to the risk of a steady but dramatically
expanded flow of migrants towards more hospitable
climates. Notwithstanding the imperative of reaching
the agreed target, 2022 saw the resurgence of
investment in hydrocarbon capacity to build resilience
of supply-absent inflows from Russia. We also saw
growing pushback by many US states dependent on oil
and gas activity against financial firms restricting future
investment to this sector. These actions make
navigating our commitments to contribute to the net
Zero targets more challenging, but we remain resolute.

Against the many current challenges lie the
opportunities - addressing climate change both in
mitigation and solution requires trillions of dollars of
investment annually for the next three decades at least;
reconfiguring supply chains, building security of supply
for energy and food, replacing inefficient infrastructure
for transportation and energy supply and distribution,
funding the science base and applied research needed
to create the solutions not available today, rebuilding
Ukraine ~ all of these add further billions of dollars of
investrrient dernand in the coming years. The

6 abrdn.com Annual report 2022

investment industry is better equipped than ever to
steward capital into productive assets that meet
society's expectations of it.

Policymakers are at last seeking to remove obstacles
that constrain investment flows from long-term savings
pools into infrastructure and early-stage science-based
investments, both of which require patient capital.
Industry leaders are prioritising capital investment over
share buybacks, particularly in Europe and employment
Prospects are strong, particularly for younger workers
as many older workers who were close to retirement
brought that forward during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In addition, many of the mega trends that have caused
concern are forecast to improve in 2023: markets are
discounting moderation in inflation and interest rate
outlooks by the end of the current year; gas prices in
Europe have fallen back to levels pre the invasion of
Ukraine; wage levels are rising in most countries
although below inflation; China's removal of most
COVID-19 restrictions and the re-opening of its
economy should in due course be positive for global
growth and the alleviation of inflation; and all these
factors should boost business and consumer
confidence unlocking investment funds.

Well-positioned for 2023

Asin prior years we enter the new year supported by a
strong capital position, a committed leadership team
and colleagues throughout the organisation energised
by the many opportunities to make our business more
relevant and valuable to our clients and customers as
we support their ambition to become better investors.

‘ vale RA

Sir Douglas Flint
Chair

Chief Executive Officer's review

A stronger
abrdn is
emerging

Stephen Bird outlines the progress made
during 2022, and how our strategy is
positioning our business for growth

Key highlights

Completed the acquisition of iin May 2022.
Delivered £0.86n of value through divestments.

Returned £0.6bn of capital to shareholders
through buybacks and dividends.

Strong progress on fund rationalisation in
Investments, where overall costs were down 2%.
Retained position as leading adviser platform.

The global economy changed
dramatically during 2022

2022 was one of the hardest investing years in living
memory. Almost all asset classes dropped in value as
the cost of money soared to quell the rising tide of
inflation. Although market conditions have had an
impact on overall group performance, abrdn's more
diversified model has proved resilient.

The world in which we and our clients are operating
today is radically different from the environment of the
past decade. The changing macro environment is
resulting in the acceleration of key investment trends,
notably the rise of Asia, a move to more sustainable
offerings and, at an asset class level, the growth of
alternatives and increasing client interest in fixed
income.

We are also actively assessing the impact of these new
market dynamics on pension funds and insurers, to
ensure that we provide solutions to meet their complex
needs. Each of these trends very much plays to our
existing strengths, and we are well positioned to help
our clients navigate this new investing world.

Building a stronger business model

Against this challenging backdrop, the company
continued to progress as it completed the second year
ofits three-year strategy. We have transformed and
built upon our asset management heritage and abrdn is
now positioned for growth across its three businesses:
Investments, Adviser and Personal.

The shape of the group is now settled following the 2022
acquisition of ii. This significantly expands our reach into
the higher growth UK savings and wealth platform
market, which is forecast to grow at a realistic rate of
11% by 2027. Leveraging the subscription-based model
of i, and the wider structural trends in the savings and
wealth market, we benefit from income streams less
exposed to market volatility. Looking ahead, we are set
to exploit the synergies our new model offers.

2022 performance shows our
growing resilience

The group's adjusted operating profit of £263m is 19%
lower than in 2021. In line with the sector, the
Investments vector faced headwinds in the market.
Despite the progress made on its transformation
journey, adjusted operating profit fell by £139m,
principally due to a decline in revenue. Our focus on
simplifying and streamlining the Investments business
reduced its overall costs by 2%, although we know we
have more to do to drive this down further.

The adjusted operating profit for Adviser and Personal
combined increased by £76m including a £67m
contribution from seven months of ii. With the
Investments vector impacted by market conditions,
these businesses contributed 76% of adjusted operating

Annual report 2022 abrdn.com 7

ANOS DIOALVULS

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

profit in H2 2022, clearly demonstrating the benefits of
the new abrdn model.

Overall, we are reporting an IFRS loss before tax of
£615m reflecting the reduction of £187m in the value of
the listed stakes held on our balance sheet, and
impairments of £369m largely due to a fallin market
levels, 2022 performance and lower projected
revenues. However, with the strong discipline applied to
our capital management, I'm pleased to report that our
dividend for 2022 remains unchanged at 14.6p per
share. Stephanie talks more about our performance in
the Chief Financial Officer's overview.

Scaling-up our UK savings and
wealth businesses

The acquisition of ii in 2022 delivered a substantial
scaling-up of our presence in the UK savings and wealth
market. This direct-to-consumer capability now sits
alongside our established Adviser business, which I'm.
pleased to report remains the number one adviser
platform in the UK by AUA, with 50% of the UK's advice
businesses using our platforms. Customer satisfaction
as at end 2022 was 95%. The recent delivery of
technology enhancements to our platforms will further
support advisers to unlock capacity and grow their
client bases.

In the seven months since joining abrdn, ii delivered
£114m in net operating revenue and £67m in adjusted
operating profit, at a cost/income ratio of 41%. Based
on the seven months profits, the £1.49bn purchase price
represents a multiple of 16 times annualised post-tax
adjusted earnings.

Reductions in gross and net flows in Personal Wealth this
year include the impact of market uncertainty which
has resulted in lower and more muted activity by
individual investors. Looking ahead, we see substantial
opportunities to evolve the newly combined Personal
vector to deliver an end-to-end customer proposition,
that stretches from simple online transactions to more
complex financial advice.

Ata societal level, individuals are having to take more
responsibility for building and managing their own
savings, investments and retirements, while at the same
time becoming increasingly accustomed to using
direct-to-consumer platforms and digital tools for
financial transactions. The democratisation of financial
services, supported by technology, is driving structural
change in the investment market and we are now well
Positioned to serve this growing opportunity.

Refocusing Investments

After previously competing across a very broad
waterfront, the Investments business is becoming much
more focused on the areas in which we have both
strength and scale.

We have along heritage in public markets, including
through our capabilities in Asia and emerging markets
and our strong fixed incorne franchise. Although 2022

8 abrdn.com Annual report 2022

has been a challenging year, particularly for equities, we
are well placed to benefit from evolving conditions in
China and in the bond markets. Our already strong
Position in alternatives is growing. Here we manage
cround £87bn in assets in areas such as real estate,
infrastructure, logistics and private credit. A highlight has
been the performance of Tritax which saw c25%
growth in average AUM last year.

By focusing on these areas of strength, all underpinned
by our sustainability credentials, we believe we are ina
better position to deliver products that are more closely
aligned with current and future client demand.

In the Insurance sector, the changing approach to asset
strategies represents a headwind for the margin of this
business activity. We expect continued changes from
certain active equity and fixed income strategies to
passive quantitative strategies which, together with
related pricing changes, is expected to lead to further
margin contraction for our Insurance business in future
periods. Stephanie discusses this in more detail on page
51.

Disciplined management and
deployment of capital

Our strong capital position provides resilience in
uncertain times and enables targeted investment to
accelerate the growth of the group. As at 31 December
2022, our surplus regulatory capital was £0.7bn.

In 2022, we generated £1.1bn of capital through organic
cash generation and efficient stake sales, investing
£1.4bn in the acquisition of ii, and returning £0.6bn to
shareholders in buybacks and dividends. Over the near
term, as we continue to build capital through a focus on
profitability and ongoing monetisation of listed stakes,
we continue to expect to invest in inorganic
opportunities where we see capabilities we need that
offer compelling value. We are committed to returning
a significant proportion of proceeds from further stake
sales through share buybacks, and reconfirm our stated
dividend policy of 14.6p per annum until at least 1.5x
covered by adjusted capital generation from when it
can grow. We will continue to take a disciplined
approach to capital allocation as we drive sustainable
growth, relevance and scale for our business, ina way
that also generates value for our shareholders.

Progress on climate

We have a critical role to play as stewards of our clients’
capital, and the relationships we have with investee
companies enable us to drive positive change through
engagement.

We are targeting a 50% reduction in the carbon
intensity of our portfolios by 2030 versus a 2019
baseline. We are on track with a 27% reduction across
in-scope public market portfolios as at 31 December
2022 and a 31% reduction for in-scope real estate as at
31 December 2021. Assets in scope for our target
represent 30% of our total AUM. This is driven by data
availability, maturity of methodologies and control over

decision making (more on page 38). We recognise that
methodologies may continue to evolve over time and
we will review our approach as appropriate. We have
also been developing our net zero solutions, including an
Active Climate Transition proposition in equities and
fixed income. In compliance with level one of the EU's
Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation (SFDR), we
have also been converting our range of SICAV funds to
comply with SFDR Article 8 and 9 - reflecting the
importance of ESG considerations in the investment
opportunities we seek, In 2022 we converted 27 of our
funds to Article 8 and 9. In Asia, one of our key growth
markets, we launched our MyFolio Sustainable Index
range of funds during 2022, and our Sustainability
Institute is helping us hone our expertise to deliver for
our clients.

We know that leading by example starts with our own
operations. We have a corporate target to be net zero
in our operations by 2040, and an ambitious interim
target to achieve a 50% reduction in operational
emissions by 2025, against our 2018 baseline. Colleague
engagement remains critical to delivering on this.

While a significant ammount of work remains to be done, |
am proud of the progress we have made to date. We
will continue to drive towards our commitments with a
focus on transparency - through reporting and data
disclosure - and by engaging with our clients, investee
companies and wider stakeholders, with the aim of
‘achieving a cleaner, greener future together.

Building a culture that supports
colleagues and delivers for clients

Our culture and how it feels to work here are
fundamental to our success. We want every one of our
colleagues on board - believing in our purpose and
focusing on our strategy and their role in delivering

for clients.

Throughout 2022 our leaders worked with colleagues
across the globe to create a new set of commitments
and values that resonate with their collective beliefs,
identifying these as Client First, Ambitious, Empowered
and Transparent. We're creating a culture that gives
talent the chance to thrive, and that empowers
colleagues to take ownership of client outcomes. A
culture of constant improvement is critical for success.

We ran our most recent all-colleague survey in January
2023 where it was pleasing to see a positive response
from colleagues around areas like our people leaders
and our strategy. Amid highly challenging market
conditions and ongoing change within the business,
employee engagement held steady, and we will
continue our focus on driving progress in this area. For
more information see