Se 2keesz_ y,
Standard Life Aberdeen

COMPANIES HOUSE
17 MAY 2019

EDINBURGH MAILBOX

*S850SIL6*

scT 17/05/2019 #332
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY

EEE
Standard Life Aberdeen pic
Annual report and accounts 2018

Investing for a better future

Financial highlights

Key performance indicators from continuing operations’

2017 2017
2018 Pro forma basis’ Reported basis”
Adjusted profit before tax vei] R £650m £660m £475m
Cost/income ratio iG 68% 71% 70%
Adjusted diluted earnings per share* elle 17.8p 17.2p 15.1p
Assets under management and administration i £551.5bn £608.1bn
(AUMA)
Gross inflows iG £75.2bn £72.4bn
Net flows [ele] £40.9bn £32.9bn
outflow outflow
Investment performance iG 50% 63%
Percentage of AUM above benchmark over three years
Full year dividend per share I 21.6p 21.3p

Certain measures such as adjusted profit before tax, are not defined under IFRS and are therefore termed alternative performance measures
(APMs). Further details on APMs are included in Supplementary information in Section 10.

‘We include financial measures below which have not been determined to be KPls but we believe are integral to the Group's performance.

Other financial highlights

IFRS (loss)/profit before tax from continuing (£787m) £438m
operations’
IFRS profit after tax attributable to £830m £699m

equity holders (including discontinued operations)

Diluted earnings per share” 29.1p 29.6p
(including discontinued operations)

Non-financial highlights

Employee survey 2018 Defaqto ratings Investment innovation FTSE4Good
Engagement [@) Gold rating for service of the year . Ranked in top 1% of
56% Wrap and Elevate 2019 Insurance Asset Risk companies

Awards (2017: Top 3%)

5 star rating for discretionary . ‘al
portfolio services Financial services company

Aberdeet it of the year
Panabeael Standard Capital and 2018 Better Society Awards

[=] Key performance indicators (KPIs) are defined as the measures by which the development, performance or position of the business can be measured effectively.

The KPls that we use may not be directly comparable with similarty named measures used by other companies. See Supplementary information in Section 10 for
further information.

[R] Measure is a key input to. metric used for executive remuneration. See page 86 for more information,

Continuing operations excludes the UK and European insurance business. The sale of this business to Phoenix completed on 31 August 2018.
‘This report includes results for comparative periods on both a Reported basis and a Pro forma basis. See page 1 for details,

In accordance with IAS 33, eamings per share have not been restated following the share consolidation as there was an overall corresponding change in resources. As a
result of the share consolidation and share buyback eamings per share from continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2018 is not directly comparable with the
Prior year. Refer to Note 11 of the Group financial statements for information relating to the calculation of diluted eamings per share.

Our purpose is to invest
for a better future.

We do it to make a
difference to the lives of
our clients, customers,
employees and
shareholders.

We have a commitment to excellence in
everything that we do — drawing on the
innovation and global collaboration of our
talented people.

Our aim is to build a world class investment
company We develop products and services for
evolving client needs and create meaningful
relationships with all of our stakeholders.

We strive to make a positive long-term impact.
As well as delivering for clients, this means
creating an inclusive culture for our people and
contributing to wider society. We operate
ethically, encourage good practices among the
companies we invest in, and support our local
communities.

The Annual report and accounts 2018 and the Strategic report and
financial highlights 2018 are published on the Group's website at
www.standardlifeaberdeen.convannualreport

Access to the website is available outside the UK, where comparable information
may be different.

Integrating environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors

‘The integration of ESG factors is fundamental to us both operationally and within
‘our investment process. Details of our approach to ESG are integrated throughout
this report, and in our Corporate sustainability report 2018 which can be found at
www.standardlifeaberdeen.com/annualreport

4, Strategic report

Message from the Chairman 2
Co-Chief Executives’ overview 4
Our business and values 8
Our market and strategy 24
Our people and culture 28
Chief Financial Officer's overview 30
Risk management 40
Responsible business practices 48
Basis of preparation 49
Governance

2. Board of Directors 52
3. Corporate governance statement 54
4. Directors’ report 75
5. Directors’ remuneration report 81
6. Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 103
Financial information

7. Independent audit report 106
8. Group financial statements 117
9. Company financial statements 225
10. Supplementary information 237
Other information

11. Glossary 252
12. Shareholder information 255
13. Contact us {BC

How to navigate this report

Page cross reference

For more information visit our corporate website:
‘www.standardlifeaberdeen.com/annualreport

fi

Reported and Pro forma results
The merger of Standard Life pic and Aberdeen Asset Management PLC
(Aberdeen) completed on 14 August 2017, with the merger accounted for as an
‘acquisition of Aberdeen by Standard Life pic on that date. Pro forma results for the
Group are prepared as if Standard Life Group and Aberdeen had always been
merged and are included for comparative periods to assist in explaining trends in
financial performance by shawing a full 12 months performance for the combined
Group for all years. The difference between the Reported results and Pro forma
resuitsis the resuits of Aberdeen prior to completion of the merger.

‘Our results for 2018 includes our 19.98% share of the Phoenix results for the four
months ended 31 December 2018. Comparative periods have not been restated
and therefore Phoenix is not included prior to 31 August 2018 in either Reported
or Pro forma resuts.

Discontinued operations

Discontinued operations relate to the UK and European insurance business. The
sale of this business to Phoenix completed on 31 August 2018.

ANOd3Y OIDSLVULS

Message from the Chairman

A global opportunity

This is a great company, with a great
future, which | am proud to now be a part
of. With a challenging year ahead, our
priorities are improved investment
performance, transformation and growth.
lam confident that we have the talented
people, the resources and the expertise
to deliver on our potential.

Sir Douglas Flint

Global ambitions

1am delighted to be able to share my thoughts for the first time as
Chairman of Standard Life Aberdeen. Before | look to the year ahead,
| want to share with you a little about what attracted me to the role. In
essence, it was through being impressed by the scale of the
company’s global ambitions, the trust that our clients and customers.
put in us and the fact that the world is very much in need of the
products and services we offer. | believe these together present an
‘exciting opportunity.

That opportunity is truly global. Our company is one of the world’s
leading investment companies, with a strong presence in the UK,
Europe and Asia Pacific, and importantly, developing capabilities in
the Americas. There are, | believe, considerable opportunities and
‘significant potential for future growth in all our markets, in particular in
the UK and Asia Pacific. We are well positioned and | am confident
that we can, through successful delivery of our strategy, capitalise on
these opportunities going forward.

‘There is no denying that it will be challenging, particularly in the short
term, considering the current economic and geopolitical landscapes.
A continuous eye on improving what we do and tiow we do it, always
putting the customer first, will, | believe, keep us on the path to
success.

Transformation and transition

I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor, Sir Gemy Grimstone,
who stepped down at the end of 2018. Over the last 11 years he led
the Company through one of the most significant transformations in
its near-200 year history. Taking on the Chairmanship a year after the
company's demutualisation, he steered the company successfully
through the global financial crisis, constitutional change and large-
scale reforms to the UK pensions and savings markets. Beyond this,
he led the re-shaping of the business through major acquisitions and
disposals to create Standard Life Aberdeen as it is today. The merger
with Aberdeen Asset Management and the sale of the UK and
European insurance business to Phoenix in the last two years marked
the culmination of the transformation to a capital-light, broad based,
investment company.

‘Such a period of change puts considerable demands on any
‘organisation. It is testament to the talented people in Standard Life
Aberdeen that they have absorbed the additional integration and
transition challenges, while remaining focused on meeting the needs
of our clients and customers.

Looking ahead, delivering on our potential

The savings and investment industry is evoiving rapidly as individuals
are faced with taking on more personal responsibility for their long-
term needs. Technology is playing a large part to offer a variety of
platforms and direct channels to fulfil such savings and investment
needs. In the wholesale and institutional space, advanced quantitative
tools are enabling more tailored solutions to be developed to meet the
complex needs of our clients. Increased investment in our people and
research capabilities underpins all of the above. As a client-centric
business in an ever changing world we must continue to adapt and
evolve to meet observable trends and invest in capabilities to
anticipate what lies ahead.

The priorities for the year ahead are three-fold, First, improve
investment performance, particularly in multi-asset absolute retums
and equities, and deliver fresh solutions that meet the needs of an
ever more demanding client base. Second, progress integration of the
merged businesses and the transition of the technology services that
went as part of the Phoenix transaction, so working towards delivering
the cost savings promised. And third, deliver the revenue growth
potential created both by the merger and the enhanced strategic
partnership with Phoenix. All of these are necessary steps to restore
value for you, our shareholders.

‘Shareholder value is, of course, an important topic which | know is
conceming to all of us. Our share price has not been where we would
have wanted over the past year. Clearly there have been sectoral
factors, outside our control, which impacted investor sentiment and
therefore investment flows. This was driven in large part by
geopolitical risks, including uncertainty over the form Brexit would
take and trade tensions between the US and China. These factors
contributed to the write-off of a portion of the goodwill recognised on
the combination of Standard Life with Aberdeen Asset Management
which is referred to in more detail on page 36. There have also been
factors specific to ourselves, most notably investment performance in
‘some of our larger strategies, which has led to significant outflows, as
well as the notice given of termination of our asset management
agreement with Lloyds Banking Group and Scottish Widows, which
we have challenged.

We have all the capabilities needed to recover from these setbacks,
notably in research, in investment talent, through the depth and
breadth of our product range, the diversity of our geographic footprint
and most of all, our brand. The sale of our UK and European
insurance business has also given us the capital strength to make
significant capital returns to shareholders, invest in our businesses

2 Standard Life Aberdeen 201

---

we are seeing growing client demands.

We also continue to broaden our capabilities across our global
networks. Our new joint venture with investcorp will target social
and core infrastructure investment projects in Gulf Cooperation
Countries and our acquisition of Orion Partners will expand our
direct real estate capabilities into Asia.

We are investing to build a modern, dynamic global business
which has the talent, scale and high-performing investment
solutions to compete against the leading asset management
companies across the world.

‘Standard Life Aberdeen 2018 7

4YOdaY DIDBLVALS

Our business today

Investing for a better future

Our focus is on what we do best — understanding and meeting the
investment needs of our clients and customers, wherever they are in

the world.

Transforming our business...

The sale of our UK and European insurance business to Phoenix in
August 2018 marked the completion of our transformation to a fee
based capitaHight investment company. We have made clear
choices, against a backdrop of challenging industry conditions, to get
to this point.

As our business has transformed, our strategy has evolved. Our
strategic objectives set out on the following page reflect the new
shape of our business and our priorities for the future. We have
simplified our operations, helping to optimise and modernise our
business structure for future success. Our business model as set out
on page 11 remains relevant following these changes.

Who we are

Headquartered in Edinburgh, Standard Life Aberdeen has offices in
54 locations employing 6,000 people. We manage and administer
‘over £550bn of assets worldwide.

Our global scale, expertise and resources enable us to offer a wide
range of investment solutions and services. They are designed to
meet the changing needs of our customers, who come to us through
our direct retail channels or via independent financial advisers, and
the needs of our clients, the organisations who represent the financial
interests of individuals through our wholesale and institutional
channels.

Our company is a combination of global asset management, savings
and advice services in the UK, and strategic investments. We have
two flagship brands, Aberdeen Standard Investments for global asset
management and Standard Life for savings, as well as market-specific
brands in areas including financial advice and wealth management.

Aberdeen Standard Investments products and innovative solutions
are offered across a diverse range of asset classes, either directly to
institutional clients, or to wholesale clients such as private banks and
third party investment platforms. It is a giobal brand that brings us
close to our clients and the markets in which we invest. As an
investment house, we are truly diversified and committed to active
management. Our wealth business, Aberdeen Standard Capital,
provides discretionary investment management to high net worth
individuals. Further detail on our investment capabilities and asset
management distribution is included on pages 18 to 19.

As part of the sale of our UK and European insurance business,
‘Standard Life Aberdeen entered into an enhanced strategic
relationship with Phoenix. This relationship is based on the
complementary strengths of each business: Phoenix as an
administrator of insurance and long-term savings books, and
Standard Life Aberdeen as a leading provider of investment

...to drive innovation and efficiencies

‘We continue to make good progress and remain on track to deliver
our previously announced targeted annual efficiency savings of over
£350m by the end of 2020. This is comprised of the £250m
announced in 2017 at the time of the merger and the additional
£100m announced in 2018 resulting from the sale of our UK and
European insurance business. The pace of delivery in our merger
integration has accelerated across many areas of the business. We
are also making progress on delivering the efficiency savings as we
implement our simplified operating model. Delivering change on this
scale is challenging and will be a key area of focus during 2019

and 2020.

management solutions, adviser platforms and financial advice.
The Standard Life brand is owned by us and licensed to Phoenix.

In addition to providing long-term arrangements in relation to the
assets we already manage for Phoenix, the enhanced strategic
partnership is expected to deliver incremental assets as Phoenix
continues to consolidate life and pensions businesses in the UK and
Europe, and expands into the bulk purchase annuity market. We have
already started to see the benefits from the enhanced partnership with
additional assets secured from Phoenix.

In the UK savings market we have three leading adviser platform
businesses: Wrap and Elevate which are Standard Life branded, and
the Parmenion digital platform. These platforms give us important
access to retail customers. Following the Phoenix transaction, Wrap
and Elevate remain part of our business and we maintain the
relationships with advisers, while certain products on these platforms
are now provided by Phoenix. Parmenion provides integrated
discretionary investment management, platform services and intuitive
technology to financial advisers.

1828, our financial advice business, has continued to build a national
presence across the UK and offers customers a full financial planning
and personal tax advice service. We are also developing a digital
capability to provide planning and advice in areas of the market where
people do not already have easy access to advice.

We have important strategic investments in leading companies in two
of the world's most dynamic markets: India and China. These
businesses represent substantial potential and provide valuable
insight. In India, our stakes in HDFC Asset Management and HDFC
Life represent a foothold in one of the world’s fastest growing markets.
Our joint venture in China, Heng An Standard Life (HASL), gives us
potential access to one of the biggest pools of financial assets globally
and the possibility of playing a significant role as the pension market
develops.

8 Standard Life Aberdeen 2018

Our purpose - To invest for a better future

We do it to make a difference. To our clients, the lives of our customers,

our people and our shareholders

Our vision — To build a world-class investment company

A modern, dynamic global business which has the talent, scale and high performing investment
solutions to compete against the leading asset management companies across the world

Our values
Create connections Adapt and excel Deliver what matters
We bring together

---

panding national financial planning and advice business
1825, acquiring two IFA firms in 2018

* Proposed new strategic joint venture with Virgin Money/CYBG
provides potential opportunity to leverage our platform
technology to offer investment solutions to their six million retail
customers

Strong balance sheet and valuable listed
investments

* £2.6bn of Group cash and liquid resources, providing financial
strength and supporting investment in innovation, technology
and our people

* Track record of reshaping our balance sheet and returning
capital to shareholders.

» Combined value of our shareholdings in Phoenix, HDFC Asset
Management and HDFC Life at 11 March 2019 was c£4.5bn

Standard Life Aberdeen 2018 23

1YOdSY OIDSLVALS

Our market

Responding to challenging markets

2018 proved to be a challenging year for markets, which shared
little resemblance to the year before. A wide variety of political,
economic and financial issues overwhelmed investors across
almost all asset classes and regions. Meanwhile volatility, which
was largely absent in 2017, reappeared to the detriment of global
investors. Most asset classes registered negative returns in 2018.

Rod Paris, Chief Investment Officer

A year of challenging market conditions

Across global markets, some of the positive drivers from 2017
reversed and a number of potential risks we had identified at the start
of last year did become reality. The US equity market outperformed
most other developed markets, assisted by above-trend growth in the
US economy and tax cuts, however December was an exceptionally
poor month. There was rotation within equity markets in terms of
which sectors performed best. Defensive sectors like healthcare and
utilities took the lead, while energy and financials were the hardest hit.
Large technology stocks faced a perfect storm of stretched
valuations, slower subscriber/revenue growth, data breaches and
increased regulatory scrutiny. Credit markets in the US and Europe -
in lower-tisk investment grade bonds and higher-risk high yield bonds
— achieved negative annual retums. Despite risk aversion, over the
year as a whole only a few sovereign bond markets, such as
Germany, achieved positive returns.

‘Source: Refinitiv Datastream, Bloomberg, Aberdeen Standard
Investments (as at 31 December 2018)

The strength of the US economy allowed the Federal Reserve to
continue monetary tightening. Japan and Europe continued
quantitative easing and kept rates on hold, while China first tightened
and then relaxed its restrictions on bank lending in response to faster
or slower growth. The US Dollar strengthened against most other

24 = Standard Life Aberdeen 2018

major currencies in 2018. Falling unemployment and periodically
higher oil prices gave rise to inflation concerns. Volatility, meanwhile
feappeared, with two particularly sharp episodes in early February
and late December, reaching levels not seen since the financial crisis.

Barriers to market growth

Rising US interest rates and a strong dollar, accompanied by rising oil
prices and geopolitical factors, were significant barriers to emerging
market growth. China, a key global driver in recent years, signalled a
transition in its growth as it embarked on a deleveraging campaign to
reduce debt. This, combined with US tariffs, caused negative
sentiment in Chinese equity markets which spread to other emerging
markets.

Geopolitical risk, which had been relatively subdued coming into
2018, became front of mind for investors. US-China relations,
especially over trade tensions, deteriorated substantially. Populist
gains in Italy, Brazil and parts of Germany, as well as the Democrats’
‘success in the US mid-term elections, reshaped governments and
played through markets. Brexit loomed large at various points,
translating to increased volatility in UK assets.

Looking ahead

As the effects of tax cuts in the US fade and trade tensions continue,
market participants are focused on economic data signalling further
slowing in 2019. This has made markets more responsive to bad,
relative to good news. Although a number of economic indicators now
suggest slowing growth, it should be emphasised that they are not
currently signalting imminent recession; indeed the response from
governments and central banks makes us more positive on such a
view.

The backdrop to the market remains complex and we believe this will
continue to impact on returns. That said, we believe our continuous.
focus on understanding client needs, and on improving and
innovating our investment solutions, will create opportunities to
manage risk and achieve sustainable goals of growth, income and
capital preservation.

---

roperty.
We have increased client engagement over the year with some major
new wins, particularly with local government pension schemes. We
also continued to develop our market-leading adviser platforms —
Wrap, Elevate and Parmenion — to address client needs.

2018 highlights

Our Better Beta OEIC range, with assets of approximately £28bn,
passed its third anniversary and six out of its seven funds achieved
first quartile, positive growth performance over this period

In direct response to adviser market needs we launched the
Professional Portfolio Manager, which offers greater digital and
automated portfolio management capabilities

Executed the sale of SLAL to Phoenix, while sustaining momentum
in our platforms and advice businesses — we remain the UK's
largest adviser platform

Market opportunities

The size of the combined retail, wholesale and institutional markets in
the UK is estimated at around £5. 1trn. In the retail market, our long-
term strategic partnership provides potential access to the enlarged
Phoenix Group's ¢10 million customers. We will invest in our products
and services to meet demand and maximise the potential of such a
large market. We will also focus on offering investors access to low-
cost multi-asset solutions, supported by the launch of our MyFolio
Index range.

Europe, Middle East and Africa

Key locations

‘Abu Dhabi Frankfurt Milan
Dublin Luxembourg Zurich
Overview

Akey focus for 2018 and early 2019 was on completing
arrangements to ensure continuity of service for our EU clients,
whatever the final outcome of the Brexit process, including
anticipating the potential loss of passporting rights. We addressed this
risk by establishing an EU MiFID firm in Dublin and expanding the
activities of our Luxembourg-based company to provide services to
an increased number of Irish and Luxembourg domiciled funds.

We continued to diversify our business including through new
opportunities resulting from a wider product suite.

2018 highlights

© Secured a regulatory licence in ireland to operate as an EU MiFID
investment firm responsible for eight branches in Europe - our
‘team in Dublin is responsible for this activity

«The top three mandate wins by the EMEA sales team during the
year were in Emerging Market Equities, Credit and European Real
Estate, totalling £1.3bn

* Consolidated 18 funds and €50bn into our Luxembourg office

Market opportunities

EMEA is one of the largest investment markets in the world with
around £14tm of assets. Our strategy focuses on capitalising on this
opportunity by launching innovative products to increase our market
share,

Germany, Italy and Switzerland are some of our key markets in
Continental Europe and we are looking to leverage the global,
diversified nature of our company as a differentiator and source of
competitive advantage.

14 Standard Life Aberdeen 2018

Office locations
54

Countries

27

£551.5bn

People

6,000+

Asia Pacific

Key locations.

Hong Kong Shanghai Sydney

Jakarta Singapore Tokyo
Overview

We offer a diverse range of solutions and our Aberdeen Standard
Investments brand has one of the broadest footprints compared to its
competitors across the region

We expanded our teams in Japan and China, which are two of our
target markets. We promoted our enhanced broader range of skills
across the territories where we operate. In early 2019, we announced
two strategic investments. The first, a minority stake investment in
Singapore Life, the first fully digital life insurer in Singapore and,
‘second, the acquisition of Orion Partners, a real estate manager with
an enviable track record in three of Asia's most developed markets.

2018 highlights

First wholly-owned foreign company to gain an onshore asset
management licence in China

IPO of HDFC Asset Management in India completed in August
2018. As part of the IPO we reduced our holding from c38% to
30% for a total net consideration of approximately £180m.

New fund launches to market, including a domestic China A-Share
and a Multi-Asset 360 Income fund in Taiwan

Market opportunities

The Asia Pacific market has grown steadily in recent years, to around
$16trn. Our strategy targets growth by increasing our footprint and
global collaboration, developing partnerships across our key markets:
Japan, Australia, India and China, and also carefully managing wider
opportunities.

.

Assets under management and administration by geography

Americas
Key locations
Boston Philadelphia Toronto
New York $40 Paulo
Overview

We saw continued demand for our investment solutions in this region
during the year. As a non-domestic brand, this is a positive sign of
how well the Aberdeen Standard Investments brand is viewed. As
part of our integration work in the region, teams worked across
functions to increase the levels of co-operation and collaboration,
share best practice and optimise the use of our client management
technology to drive insight and actions.

2048 highlights

« New fund launches and bolt-on acquisitions to meet client needs
and accelerate our US presence in specialist areas, including
private markets, closed-ended funds and exchange-traded funds

* Significant work to reorganise US team to better serve clients

Market opportunities

The Americas market is the largest in the world and predicted to grow
to over $29tr of assets in 2019. We want to capitalise on this
opportunity by differentiating ourselves from the domestic players that
currently dominate the market. Our strategy for driving forward the
Americas business is focused on three main components: building a
‘new active strategies and solutions’ business, creating scope for
reinvestment, and considering bolt-on inorganic options to accelerate
and extend our US presence.

Standard Life Aberdeen 2018 15

ANOdIY DIDSLVULS

Adapt and
excel

We don’t stand still. We improve, challenge,
learn and innovate to earn our place in the
future. We are ambitious, our sights are set on
excellence and our minds are open to ideas.

A focus on innovation

We believe that developing innovative ‘new
active’ solutions that focus on outcomes
instead of benchmarks is key to the future
growth of the business.

in 2018, we accelerated the pace of innovation
with the launch of 32 funds (2017: 22 funds). In
addition, we currently have around 20 funds
that are in the later stages of development. For
example, we're developing two new products
for our ‘Liability Aware’ programme which are
due to launch in 2019. This is a continuous
programme of development between various.
asset class and product teams, to provide a
range of options that suit small to medi

---

es to
quickly analyse evolving financial markets data
to identify and recall data patterns.

In the UK, with changes to pension policy and
provision, many more people are choosing to
remain invested throughout retirement, leading
to a greater demand for financial advice. In
response we've launched the next generation
of model portfolio management technology on
the Wrap platform — Professional Portfolio
Manager. This innovative offering has greater
digital and automated capabilities and gives
advisers an efficient, scalable and risk
controlled operating model. In less than six
months since launch, businesses advising on
c£3.5bn of assets have chosen to adopt the
new functionality.

Adapting effectively, operating
efficiently

As well as seeking new, diverse investment
opportunities, we aim to make sure that our
business continues to adapt to make the most
of these.

We believe digital advice is key to the future of
retirement planning, especially in the UK,
where the percentage of those reaching age 65
is expected to continue to rise. We are
developing a dedicated digital advice
proposition to develop new, efficient ways to
meet our customers’ retirement planning
needs.

In integrating our businesses and coming
together as one company, we have worked to
evolve our investment and distribution
processes. We have carried out an extensive
programme to integrate and rationalise our
fund ranges. In reviewing and refreshing our
distribution strategies, we've aimed to bring
more discipline and consistency to our
relationship and client teams across the world —
with an emphasis on growing our business in
G10 countries.

We also continue to ensure that we are
operating efficiently and controlling our costs.
This includes the delivery of the merger
synergies and the implementation of a
simplified global operating model. While
change on this scale creates opportunities for
our people, cost savings include reductions in
employee numbers. We continue to aim to
manage much of this through natural employee
tumover and to do everything possible to
minimise compulsory redundancies.

16 = Standard Life Aberdeen 2018

Our transformed business actively seeks out
new and innovative ways...

...to extend our capabilities

Our investment capabilities are truly
global, covering a broad range of markets,
asset classes and strategies. Our aim is to
drive better investment outcomes for
clients and customers.

To achieve this, we draw on our talented
people, deep knowledge of local markets
and coordinated global oversight —
combined with a commitment to
embedding Environmental, Social and
Govemance (ESG) factors across each

asset class.
Diagram shows analysis of total
‘assets under management at
31 December 2018 ineucing
‘srateg insurance pariners
AUM at 31 December 2018 (€bn)'
Equities Disciplined, high-conviction, fundamental investment aims to deliver superior outcomes for clients
One of world’s largest active asset managers offering wide ranging >140
equity strategies investment professionals
« Research and insight are used to exploit market inefficiencies and 10 countries

identify the best investment opportunities for client portfolios

* Active engagement and effective analysis of ESG issues mitigate risks
and identify companies most likely to outperform over the longer term

Global team presence

Two complementary
investment approaches

Fixed income Our approach is based on research-driven, team-based active management
‘© One of largest fixed income managers in Europe with a diverse client > 140
base investment professionals

© Capabilities across developed and emerging markets, public and private 4
credit, investment-grade and high-yield markets 11 countries
Long track rd of delivering targeted and local solutions to meet Global team presence
© Long track recor livering targeted and local solutions to m : A
specific client goals and objectives Client driven outcomes

Multi-asset We seek to provide better, more predictable outcomes for investors
* Scale and experience to provide a multi-asset solution tomeetarange > 150,
of client needs and priorities investment professionals
* Developed range of advanced, flexible solutions that target positive Europe, US & Asia
returns while also constraining and controlling risk presence
* Abroad and diverse investment universe through multi-asset investing Industry leading risk
can enhance return potential and reduce volatility management
Private markets Providing excellent capital growth, income generating or risk adjusted outcomes
* One of the top 10 largest managers of private markets assets globally > 105
(includes real estate assets) investment professionals

* Capabilities across private equity, infrastructure, private credit, real
assets and private market solutions

* Long track record of managing private markets portfolios

10 countries
Global team presence
Top 10 — Global private
markets ranking

‘Excludes strategic insurance partners.

18 Standard Life Aberdeen 2018

Our investment approach

We continue to believe that active investment management delivers
superior outcomes for clients over the long term. We believe in a
connected team-based ethos, fundamental research delivering insights to
exploit market inefficiencies, and the embedding of ESG criteria within our
investment approach. We make deliberate, active decisions at each stage
of the investment process and believe that all investment approaches
require active decision making at some level, whether that be
incorporating fundamental discretionary or systematic quantitative
techniques.

We have diverse investment capabilities offering a range of outcomes for
our clients, including some 100 strategies, all united by these beliefs. For
example, within Equities we run a number of strategies under two
differentiated but complementary investment styles: Long Term Quality
and Focus on Change.

The market environment for active asset managers was challenging in
2018. As one of the largest active managers in the world, we are inevitably
affected by these headwinds, and that is clearly reflected in our investment
performance. We remain focused on supporting our teams and improving
performance, while remaining true to our investment approach.

Alternatives
* Offer a full range of global hedge fund and diversification strategies
across the liquidity spectrum
‘© Outcome orientated portfolios that use a disciplined and proven
research-driven investment process

* Highly experienced team in alternative investing supported by global
research coverage

Real estate
© Our status as one of the world’s largest real estate managers helps

---

wareness initiatives and sponsorship
opportunities.

In the institutional market, we are a chosen investment partner of
pension funds, insurers, sovereign wealth funds, governments
and local authorities, charities and financial institutions, providing
both pooled and segregated investment management.

In the wholesale investment market, we support wealth
managers, private banks and financial advisers, as well as.
making our investment products available directly to private
investors. We also offer investment solutions to private investors
via our wealth management channel.

AUM at 31 December 2018" (£bn)

We create and manage outcome-oriented portfolios of alternative strategies

>25
investment professionals

London & New York
Global reach hubs

Award winning — innovative
solutions

Our approach to real estate is global, but implemented locally

> 270

investment professionals
11 countries

Global team presence

Leading global rankings in
real estate sustainability
benchmark

Experts in proprietary multifactor investing

>30

investment professionals
Experienced team
formed in 2005

Multifactor investment
approach to drive improved
returns

We offer bespoke solutions to meet specific client liquidity and yield objectives

>10

investment professionals
Portfolio managers in
Edinburgh, London and
Philadelphia

Key player in the liquidity
market

Standard Life Aberdeen 2018 19

1YOdgY OIDSLVALS

-— Deliver what
matters

We relentlessly focus on delivering outcomes that
truly matter to our clients and customers. We build
trusted relationships. We do the right thing and are

empowered to make a difference.

Improving investment performance
It's been a disappointing year for our
investment performance, and our long-term
approach is being tested by the market
environment. Our weaker three year
investment performance reflects negative
returns within multi-asset absolute return
strategies, and weakness in most equity
classes other than Asia Pacific and smaller
companies. Investment performance remains
robust across other asset classes. Investment
process evaluation and enhancement is a
continuous practice within investment teams,
however formal plans have been developed for
absolute return and equities.

Our process enhancement pians aim to
improve performance while remaining true to
‘our investment style. They focus on idea
generation, capture and implementation.
Actions we have taken include:

Investment in new talent and enhanced risk
analytics tools

Creation of a new Performance and
Investment Review Committee to strengthen
review processes

Establishment of our research platform with
appointed heads of research, and creation of
a research institute to inform our macro and
longer-term thematic house views.

Enhanced Board level focus and oversight of
actions to improve investment performance
We recognise that improving multi-asset
absolute retum strategies and equity
performance may take some time and will
depend partly on market conditions, but we are
‘encouraged by recent performance
improvement seen in emerging market equities.

We have also focused on maintaining trusted,
long-term relationships with our clients to help
them understand the causes of weak
investment performance and, importantly, what
we are doing to address this. We've engaged
with clients in a variety of ways to keep them
informed. This includes white papers, market
analysis, and webinars led by our senior
leaders.

ESG at the heart of everything we do
We believe that positive investment outcomes
can be aligned with positive outcomes for
society and the environment. We integrate,
review and research ESG considerations
throughout the investment process. We see
this as an important way of protecting our
clients’ investments and believe it really adds to
the value we offer to them. It's about analysing
the key issues for each asset class and using
that analysis to make better-informed
investment decisions for our clients. In 2018,
we announced our involvement as joint lead
partner and founder of The Big Exchange, part
of The Big Issue Group's social investment
arm. The Exchange is a platform providing
investors with access to funds that meet ethical
investment criteria,

In addition, five of our real estate funds were
awarded ‘five star’ status by the global
sustainability benchmark GRESB for reaching
significant environmental targets, placing us in
the top 20% of our peers. Three of our funds
achieved the highest ESG performance of their
peer group.

20 = Standard Life Aberdeen 2018

Working to create value...

...for our

Clients and customers

stakeholders

Understanding our clients
and customers
We develop relationships with our

How we engage
We operate in a way that allows us to stay close to our clients and actively seek feedback to inform
‘ongoing improvements. We create meaningful partnerships to understand how their requirements evolve.

clients and customers based on We have a large global distribution team, and they significantly increased engagement with clients in 2018
mutual trust and our ability to across the full sales process.
effectively meet fret needs. we We build up insight from clients and customers which helps to inform future product development and
focus on understancing what the¥ innovation. For example, we conducted an online survey in 2018 of our institutional and wholesale clients
want and put that at the centre with respondents representing £31bn in AUM. Strengths included brand loyalty, however certain clients
our decision making. were disappointed with the level of investment performance.
We also continue to engage with our adviser platform users and regularly monitor customer satisfaction.
Our Board receives regular updates on both satisfaction and complaints data.
Our people
Understanding our people How we engage
Having people who bring a diverse in November 2018, we conducted a company-wide employee survey. 69% of our people responded,

range of talents and perspectives,
and who feel engaged in their roles,
is fundamental to the long-term
‘success of our business. It is
crucial that we understand their
values and what motivates them —

giving us their views on our strategic direction, the impact of transformation, and confidence in our leaders.
The survey results are discussed on page 28.

We ran company-wide workshops in 2018 to ask our people to help shape our culture and values.

Existing employee representative forums have joined together to form a new single employee forum
representing employees in the UK. In Q1 2019, we agreed that one of our non-executive Directors would

and reflect this in the