|

Claberdeen |

Growing in Wealth,
Repositioning Investments

ae INTC

IMPANIES HOUSE

abrdn ple Annual report and accounts 2024

Our purpose

To enable our clients to be
better investors.

Our ambition

To be the UK's leading

Wealth & Investments

group:

- Fast growing direct and
advised wealth platforms.

- Aspecialist asset
manager with strength in
areas of market growth.

- Driven by excellent client
service, technology and
talent.

This Annual report and accounts 2024 for abrdn plc, and the Strategic report and financial highlights 2024 are published on our
website at www.abrdn.com/annualreport

Certain measures such as adjusted operating profit, adjusted profit before tax, adjusted capital generation and net capital
generation, are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are therefore termed alternative
performance measures (APMs). APMs should be read together with the Group's consolidated income statement,
consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of cash flows, which are presented in the Group
financial statements section of this report. Further details on APMs are included in Supplementary information.

See Supplementary information for details on assets under management and administration (AUMA), net flows and the investment
performance calculation. Net flows on the highlights page excludes liquidity flows as these are volatile and lower margin

Highlights Contents

Adjusted operating profit (>) Strategic report
Ataglance 2
§255m Our strategic priorities 4
Chairman's statement 12
2023: £249m Chief Executive Officer's review 16
Our business model 20
Performance overview 22
fore t
IFRS profit/(loss) before tax Our businesses oA
Sustainability 42
£251m Key performance indicators 64
Chief Financial Officer's overview 66
2023: £(6)m Risk management 82
Full year dividend per share Governance
Board of Directors 88
14.6 Corporate governance statement 92
Op Audit Committee report 105
2023: 14.6 Risk and Capital Committee report 114
p26-0P Nomination and Governance Committee report 118
Directors’ remuneration report 122
Investment performance* Directors’ report 142
(% of AUM performing) Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 149
iyear 3 years Financial information
Independent auditor's report 152
9, 9
77 % 60% Group financial statements 169
Company financial stat re 270
2023:55% 2023:51% ieee
Supplementary information 286

Net flows (excluding liquidity) Other information

Sustainability - independent limited assurance 300

report
£6.1bn outflow Sustainability reporting eriteria 302
Glossary 306
2023: £13.9bn outflow Shareholder information 310
Forward-looking statements 311
MSCIESG rating Contact us IBC

>] This symbol indicates further information is available
2023: AA O~ within this document or on our corporate website.

T 1 Download this report from: www.abrdn.com/
annualreport

1. The scope of the investment performance calculation has been extended to cover alll funds that aim to track or outperform a benchmark, with
certain assets excluded where this measure of performance is not appropriate or expected, 2023 comparatives have been restated. Further
details about the calculation of investment performance ond the change in scope are included in the Supplementary information section.

Annual report 2024 1

Ataglance

We are a Wealth
& Investments group

UK savings and wealth platforms

interactive

investor (ii)

As the UK's second-largest direct-
to-consumer investment platform
by AUA and number one by net
flows’, ii offers a self-directed
investing and trading platform that

enables individuals in the UK to plan,

save and invest in the way that
works for them.

Our clients:

Individuals that are:

— Lower confidence investors
— Self-directed investors

— Active/expert investors

Our Adviser business, the UK's
second-largest advised platform by
AUA®, provides financial planning
solutions and technology for UK
financial advisers which enables
them to create value for their
businesses and their clients.

Our clients:
— Financial advisers

Specialist asset management

Our capabilities in our investments
business are built on the strength of
our insight - generated from wide-
ranging research, worldwide
investment expertise and local
market knowledge.

Our clients:

= Insurance companies
— Sovereign wealth funds

— Independent wealth managers
— Individuals

— Pension funds

— Platforms

- Banks

- Family offices

Adjusted operating profit
£116m (2023: £114m)

Adjusted operating profit
£126m (2023: £118m)

Adjusted operating profit
£61m (2023: £50m)

AUMA
§77.5bn (2023: £66.0bn)

AUMA
£75.2bn (2023: £73.5bn)

AUM
£369.7bn (2023: £366.7bn)

Cost/income ratio
58% (2023: 60%)

Cost/income ratio
47% (2023: 47%)

Read more about our three businesses on pages 24 to 41.

O~ Overall performance summary is included on page 76.

1. Source: Fundscope, Direct Matters G4 2024 report.
2. Source: Fundscape, The Platform Report @3 2024. Excludes Curtis Banks AUA,

2 Annual report 2024

Cost/income ratio
92% (2023:94%)

Well-positioned for market
growth opportunities

We connect investors to the expertise, tools, and solutions they need to
grow and manage their wealth with confidence.

Across our businesses, we focus on providing leading platforms, specialist
investments, and long-term value — unlocking opportunities and
outcomes that matter.

Market Size of Where we

opportunities opportunity can win

Intergenerational e e@ UK: Transfer of c. Dynamic retirement

wealth transfer £5.5tn expected over solutions
the next 25 years*
Increasing personal e@ e UK: 35% of adults Direct and advised
responsibility for (19.1m) hold investing
savings investments, up 6 ppts
from 20187
Growing savings &  }  } e UK: ‘Savings and Affordable, tailored
advice gap advice gap’ of over 20 guidance and
million people® execution. Increasing
advisers’ capacity.
Managed solutions
More complex client e@  } e@ 11% p.a. growth of Customised services
needs & outcomes public market active and products. Higher
specialties* value specialist active
strategies
Growing Private e 10% p.a. growth® Existing scale, new
Markets demand with products and growth
increasing accessibility in new channels
Ongoing energy e 11% p.a. growth in Real Assets and
transition investment in low- sustainability
carbon energy
transition®

 } interactive investor (ii) e Adviser e Investments

Note: All opportunities are global unless otherwise stated.
Source: ‘Kings Court Trust. ?Platforum. ? Boring Money and Yorkshire Building Society. “ Broadridge. ° BCG. * Bloomberg.

Annual report 2024

Our strategic priorities

Our strategic priorities

A clear roadmap focusing on three key strategic priorities
to drive improved performance

Transform performance
— Drive sustainable, profitable growth.
— Deliver a significant uplift in efficiency and profitability

in Investments. .
— Improve net capital generation to support
shareholder returns.

Ez) Readmore on pages 6-7.

Improve client experience

— Win in UK wealth and with UK & international
investment clients through continued focus on

meeting customer needs.
— Maintain focus on improving investment performance.

— Continue to innovate and simplify.

EF) Readmore on pages 8-9.

Strengthen talent and culture

— Attract and retain the best people.

— Engage and motivate our colleagues.

— Streamline decision-making driven by the
new Group Operating Committee.

Up] Readmore on pages 10-11.

4 Annual report 2024

TRAT
r

Our strategic priorities will play a key role in delivering on our new targets:

FY26 FY26
Adjusted Net capital
operating profit generation

>£300m

c.£300m

interactive

investor

Sustain efficient growth by
building on our differentiated
proposition and investing in the
iibrand.

Return to net inflows by
enhancing our proposition and

delivering leading client service.

Step change in profitability by
repositioning to areas of
strength and opportunity, and
driving improved efficiency.

FY26 FY26 FY26

Customer growth Net promoter score” Investment performance
(3-years)

8% p.a. >40 >70%

Cost/AUMA ratio" Net inflows Adjusted operating profit

<20bps

>&1bn

>£100m

fr See page 70 for further details on the FY 2026 targets.

1. The cost/AUMA ratio is calculated as annualised adjusted operating expenses divided by monthly average AUMA.
2. Average NPS for FY 2026.

Annual report 2024

Our strategic priorities

Transform |
performance

Weare driving
transformation across
the Group to improve
efficiency and deliver -
valued outcomes for
all of our stakeholders.

6 Annual report 2024

STRATEGIC

REPORT

Transforming to improve efficiency and
profitability

In January 2024, we announced our cost transformation
programme to deliver increased efficiency across the
Group. Over the financial year, we delivered annualised
cost savings of over £100m and aim to deliver at least
£150m of annualised cost savings by the end of 2025.
Our results show that we are already beginning to
deliver performance improvements, although we have
more work to do in Investments, which is the
programme's main focus.

Each business has focused on transforming its
performance. In 2024, interactive investor delivered 8%
customer growth supported by growth in its market-
leading SIPP. While Adviser saw increased net outflows
compared to 2023, we have seen early signs of positive
momentum through the launch of new solutions, a
revised pricing model and improvements in service.
Investments has seen a significant improvement in its
net outflow position (+£:15bn vs 2023) and delivered
£84m of annualised cost savings.

ng track record of delivering cost efficiencies

>£150m of annualised cost saving by the end of 2025

£1,149m

£1.066m

£070)

L joj jt |

2023 Soves Other 2024 Saves. Othor 2025 Soves Other 2026

Driving performance improvements
across our businesses

Investments has seen an improvement in profitability
and overall net flow position which the business can
build on. Further progress will be driven by focusing on
strengths, improvements in investment performance,
and enhancements to the operating model.

Adviser is seeking to deliver a step-change in
performance and improve client service to provide
aconsistently excellent level of service to clients, which
will be critical to return the business to growth.

“We remain focused on executing
our transformation plan, which is
essential to driving sustainable
profitability across the Group.”

Jan Jenkins, Interim Chief Financial Officer

interactive investor's customer numbers continue to
rise steadily. Our passion for serving our customers, our
focus on continuous improvement, and our desire to
grow market share have delivered impressive results,
which leaves the business well-placed for further
growth.

2025 focus

In 2025, we have appointed Richard Wilson as new
Group Chief Operating Officer who will drive long-term
benefits from our Transformation programme. Our
focus will be on further efforts to streamline the business,
e.g. Investment operating model enhancements,
technology and operational process efficiency
improvements and functional support model
enhancements. We will also focus on supporting future
growth. This includes investing in our people, talent and
culture; improving our use of technology and Al; and
enhancing our business controls

Annual report 2024

7

Our strategic priorities

Improve
client experience

We put our clients at the
heart of everything we do.
We aim to provide an
exceptional client
experience by delivering
the outcomes they seek
and exceeding their
expectations.

8 Annual report 2024

Progress in 2024

Understanding the needs of our clients is key to our
ability to deliver on their expectations both in terms of
required outcomes and our service proposition.

interactive investor

interactive investor has focused on expanding its
products and proposition to deliver a great experience
and outcomes for clients. In 2024, we launched our
first managed portfolio service (Managed ISA) for
less confident investors and ii Community, a social
platform for customers to discuss their investment
strategies and support each other's decision-making.
We implemented a new platform and design for the
public website to create a modern, welcoming
experience for existing customers and prospects.
These enhancements supported a seven-point
improvement for the website's Net Promoter Score
(NPS) score. We also enhanced in-app experience,
including cash transfers, account administration and
referral programmes.

Adviser

Improving client service is a priority for the business. In
2024, we saw an 18-point improvement in our NPS. This
was thanks to extensive improvements we made to our
platform and processes. Notably, we increased data
processing automation by ensuring only complete
requests are processed, improving overall turnaround
times. We increased the use of digital signatures and
smart forms with embedded validation and routing

We also enhanced communication on service-level
expectations for consistent client understanding. While
we have made progress, we intend to build on this in
2025 through ongoing service improvements.

Investments

Apriority for 2024 was to improve investment
performance to deliver better client outcomes. Through
the ongoing delivery of our extensive performance
improvement plan we are now starting to see a
difference in performance. Over one year, 77% of our
AUM performed (2023: 55%) and 60% performed over
three years (2023: 51%). We also sought to clarify our
brand identity by defining ourselves as a specialist asset
manager that focuses on areas of strength and growth,
e.g, Credit, Specialist Equities and Real Assets. Alongside
these improvements, the business delivered a range of
client service enhancements. For example, we
upgraded our investment reporting proposition to
deliver gains in efficiency and lead times; and we
improved clients’ digital experiences through
improvements to our in-house client portal.

“Improving client experience is
fundamental to our success each
year. While we are proud of the
service we provide, we know there
is more to do. We are focused on
continuously improving our ability
to meet and exceed clients’
expectations.”

Jason Windsor, Chief Executive Officer

Net Promoter Score average for the website
for 2024 reflecting good customer
experience.

Net Promoter Score average for 2024.
An 18-point improvement from 2023

Our “Voice of the Client’ score remained
stable at 7.6/10, reflecting an ongoing
commitment to client service.

2025 focus

We will continue improving client experience across
each business. Below, we highlight examples of our
focus areas in 2025.

interactive investor

~ Expand our solutions for lower-confidence investors
through a Managed SIPP product, launch a trading
solution (ii 360) for more advanced users and rollout
of ii advice - a digital advice solution.

Adviser

— Embed new client service team to drive forward
service proposition and improve service timings.

~ Maintain investment in the platform to automate
and improve processes, integrating further with third
parties across the advice ecosystem to increase
adviser capacity.

Investments

— Drive investment performance improvements
by investing in the right people, processes and
technology.

Annual report 2024

Our strategic priorities

Strengthen
talent and culture

A strong culture with
high-quality, engaged
talent is fundamental to
our long-term success.
We continue to invest in
our people to help build
the foundations for
sustainable growth.

10 Annual report 2024