Together 1

we invest
for a better
future

wu

sct _— 29/05/2020 #50
COMPANIES HOUSE

gf
Standard Life Aberdeen
Annual report and accounts 2019

Highlights

Key performance indicators from continuing operations’

Fee based Kr Investment Kr R
revenue performance”
£1,634m 60%

2018: £1,868m 2018: 50%

Adjusted profit Kr Adjusted diluted *"' ®
before tax earnings per share™*
£584m 19.3p

2018: £650m 2018: 17.8p

Cost/income KR

ratio®
71%

2018: 68%

Full year dividend  *"!
per share

21.6p

2018: 21.6p

IFRS profit/(loss)  *"'
before tax’

£243m

2018: (£787m)

Certain measures, such as fee based revenue, cost/income ratio and adjusted profit before tax are not defined under Intemational Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are therefore termed altemative performance measures (APMs). Further details on APMs are included in

Supplementary information in Section 9.

Other financial highlights

Non-financial highlights

Gross inflows Net flows
Total Excl. Lloyds
Banking Group®

Clients and customers

2020 Defaaqto ratings

£86.2bn

2018: £75.2bn

£17.4bN outiow

2018: £40.9bn outflow

Net flows
Total

£58.4bn outflow

2018: £40.9bn outflow

Assets under
management and
administration (AUMA)

£544.6bn

2018: £551.5bn

Diluted earnings per share**
(including discontinued operations)

11.1p

2018: 29.1p

See page 1 for footnotes.

© Gold rating for service
Wrap, Elevate and Parmenion

¢ 5 star rating for bespoke portfolio management

and managed portfolio service
Aberdeen Standard Capital

2019 Financial News Asset Management Awards
« Asset Management Innovation of the Year

Best performing trusts/funds of 2019
¢ Standard Life UK Smaller Companies and
Aberdeen Smaller Companies (both top 10 trusts)

« ASI UK Impact Employment Opportunities

kp, We have revised our key performance indicators (KPIs) in 2019 to reflect our
increased focus on revenue rather than flows/AUMA and also to include IFRS
Profit as a KPI in addition to APMs. The KPIs that we use may not be directly
comparable with similarly named measures used by other companies.

‘See Supplementary information in Section 9 for further information

R Metric used for executive remuneration in the proposed 2020 remuneration
Policy. Gross inflows and net flows were metrics under the 2019 remuneration
policy but are not included in the proposed 2020 remuneration policy.

See pages 83 to 84 for more information,

Equity fund (top 20 fund)

People

Employee kr Hampton-Alexander

engagement survey Review 2019 —

¢ Actions in place FTSE100 gender
to address representation
feedback from « 10th position and
2018 survey — most improved
See page 20 company

Society

FTSE4Good Dow Jones

¢ Ranked in top 4% Sustainability
of companies Indices (DJSI)

« Ranked in top 4%
of companies in
our sector

Contents

‘The Annual report and accounts 2019 and the Strategic report and financial
highlights 2019 are published on the Group's website at
www.standardlifeaberdeen.com/annualreport

Access to the website is available outside the UK, where comparable
information may be different.

Details of forward-looking statements are on page 259.

The integration of environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors is
fundamental to us both operationally and within our investment process. Details
‘of our approach to ESG are integrated throughout this report, and in our
Corporate sustainability report 2019 which can be found at
\www.standardlifeaberdeen.com/annualreport

+ This symbol indicates further information is
available within this annual report or on the
Group corporate website.

Download this report from:
www.standardlifeaberdeen.com/annualreport

1. Strategic report

Our business at a glance .
Message from the Chairman
Chief Executive's review and strategic drivers.
Our stakeholders and business model ........
Our clients and customers ....
Our people
Our role in society
Our shareholders ..
Chief Financial Officer's overview ...
Risk management

Governance

2. Board of Directors ...
3. Corporate governance statement
3.1 Audit Committee report ..

3.2 Risk and Capital Committee report
3.3 Nomination and Governance Committee report ....
3.4 Directors’ remuneration report
4. Directors’ report ...
5. Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial information

6. Independent audit report...
7. Group financial statements ..
8. Company financial statements
9,

Supplementary information ...

Other information
10. Glossary ..
11. Shareholder information
12. Forward-ooking statements
13. Contact us ...

Continuing operations excludes the UK and European insurance business which was sold to Phoenix on 31 August 2018.

Percentage of AUM above benchmark over three years. Calculated on a Pro forma basis (which combines the results for Standard Life Group and Aberdeen prior to
‘completion of the merger in 2017) and gross of fees. A full definition is included in the Glossary.

‘The Group has initially applied IFRS 9 and IFRS 16 at 1 January 2019. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative information is not restated. Refer to the basis of

preparation section of the Group financial statements.

In accordance with IAS 33, eamings per share has not been restated following the share consolidation in 2018 as there was an overall corresponding change in resources. AS
a result of the share consolidation and share buybacks, eamings per share from continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2019 is not directly comparable with
the prior year. Refer to Note 12 of the Group financial statements for information relating to the calculation of diluted earnings per share.

‘Net outflows excluding Lloyds Banking Group (BG) do not include the tranche withdrawals relating to the settlement of arbitration with LBG. Refer to Note 5 of the Group

financial statements.

‘Standard Life Aberdeen 2019 1

AYOdTY DIOILVULS.

Together

we invest for
a better future

We do it to make a
difference to the lives
of our clients and
customers, our
employees, society
and our shareholders

Our purpose
Together we invest for a better future.

Our strategy is to build a vibrant and value-creating

purpose-led organisation, with the current and future needs

of our stakeholders at the heart of all we do.

For our clients and customers, this means building
solutions to create wealth and help meet their needs

For our employees, it means creating an environment
where everyone can thrive

For society, it means promoting positive change through
how we operate and invest

» For our shareholders, it means turning opportunities into
sustainable long-term returns

Our operations

Our business

We meet the evolving needs of investors
and savers.

We do this by building lasting relationships and developing
innovative products and services. We offer:

* Active asset management to institutional, wholesale and
strategic insurance clients

« Wealth management, financial planning and advice
services, either directly to customers or through financial
advisers

We also have significant holdings in associate and joint

venture businesses: Phoenix in the UK, HDFC Life and

HDFC Asset Management in India, and Heng An Standard

Life in China.

We are headquartered in Scotland and listed in London, with around 6,000 employees

in over 50 locations worldwide. We have operations in global financial capitals and
important regional centres, which bring us closer to our clients and customers around the
world, and provide invaluable knowledge and insight to share with our people.

Employees by location

+ UK 2 Americas
78% 6%

2 Europe, + Asia Pacific
Middle East 10%
and Africa
6%

1 Countries with office locations

Standard Life Aberdeen 2019

3

1NOdSH DIDALVULS:

Message from the Chairman

A business with purpose

Sir Douglas Flint

2019 was, in many respects, a pivotal year in areas of great
significance for our industry and for your company. We have more
clarity on a number of geopolitical uncertainties; the finalisation of the
agreement by which the UK departed from the European Union; a
first stage agreement between the United States and China on trade
matters which brought some relief to a trade war that had escalated
during 2019; and, the election of a government in the UK with a
sizeable majority, unlocking the potential for clear policy choices after
a period of inactivity while the UK’s position on exiting the EU was
settled. In financial markets, we saw smooth leadership transitions at
both the European Central Bank and the Bank of England. And
finally, in investment markets, the importance of Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) considerations was elevated into
mainstream cognisance as the impact of human influence on climate
change was compellingly exposed. Keith talks more about the market
context for our business in his review.

Together we invest for a better future

Never has it been more important to recognise the impact we can
have, not just in the financial returns we can deliver for our ultimate
beneficiaries, but in the influence we have with the companies in
which we invest and how this can contribute to a better future for all
our stakeholders. In uncertain times, we have anchored our business
with a common and unifying purpose to ensure that we deliver good
financial outcomes responsibly, taking into account the concems and
aspirations of all our stakeholders.

| am pleased to report that the work we have done to improve
investment performance for our clients and customers has made
good progress. Equally important, | am proud of the culture we are
building with our people and, through all of the above, our positive
role in society and the communities of which we are a vital part.

To enable us to build on where we are, we have continued our
progress in transforming our organisation to ensure that we are ready
to embrace the challenges and opportunities of today and tomorrow.
Nowhere is this more important than contributing to the transition to a
lower carbon future and, as an active manager, we take our
‘engagement responsibilities in this regard very seriously. Already we
do a great deal, but we can and will do more. We look forward to
COP26, the United Nations Climate Change Conference, in Glasgow
later this year, at which we hope to demonstrate leadership in the
discussions as to what more the investment industry can do.

Delivering value for shareholders

Last year | highlighted three priorities for 2019. First, improve
investment performance; second, progress the integration and
transformation of the two businesses into a coherent forward-looking
entity; and third, unlock the revenue potential of the combined
business.

1am pleased to report that investment performance has shown
marked improvement; Keith will cover this in more detail. As regards
integration, we made solid progress and while completion will now
take a bit longer and cost more to deliver, the synergy benefits
targeted have also increased; this is covered in detail in the financial
review. Finally, we have been investing to grow our business and
further diversify sources of revenue. This includes focusing on
building our capabilities and assigning resources to markets where
we see the most growth potential, and in the UK bringing together the
proven capabilities in our Platforms and Wealth channel.

While the net fund flow of the business is improving, market
conditions and competitive pricing are constraining the revenue
growth we had expected, This had a consequential negative impact
on the carrying value of goodwill on the Group balance sheet and
resulted in a further impairment charge. Stephanie talks more about
this in the Chief Financial Officer's review.

Market conditions however were very favourable to the unlocking of
value from our Indian stakes. We completed four share sales with
regard to HDFC Life, no longer regarded as strategic following the
sale of our UK and European insurance business in 2018. In addition,
we sold 3.02% of our stake in HDFC Asset Management, progressing
towards the requirement to create a minimum free float. Together
these stake sales realised £1.7bn and generated a profit of £1.5bn.
We retumed £0.5bn during 2019 through share buybacks. This was a
contributing factor to our excellent share price performance over the
year, resulting in a total shareholder return of 39%.

Together with the adjusted profits in 2019, these gains also allowed
us, as planned, to maintain the dividend at a constant level while the
business is transformed, cost synergies are delivered, and future
financial performance confirms the sustainability of the level of
distribution and provides line of sight to its future growth. As a
consequence of this, your Board is proposing a final dividend of
14.3p, the same amount as last year. Assuming shareholders vote to
approve this at the upcoming AGM, this would give a total dividend for
2019 of 21.6p, again the same as last year.

4 Standard Life Aberdeen 2019

Board activity

Since we reported in August we have announced a number of
important changes as we refresh and augment the skills and
experience on the Board,

We welcomed Jonathan Asquith and Cecilia Reyes to the Board in
‘September and October respectively. Jonathan brings a wealth of
experience in the asset management industry and in financial
services more generally and is chairing the Remuneration Committee
as well as taking on the responsibilities of Senior Independent
Director. Cecilia joins us after a long and distinguished career as
Chief Investment Officer and Chief Risk Officer at one of Europe's
leading insurance companies.

In his roles as Senior Independent Director and Remuneration
Committee Chair, Jonathan has over the past six months spent time
with many of our largest institutional shareholders to understand their
views on the Company. One important outcome of this is that we will
be proposing a new remuneration policy in 2020, a year ahead of the
usual cycle. Jonathan shares more about this, and the approach we
have taken, in his introduction to the Directors’ remuneration report on
page 78. We will be asking you to vote on the new proposed policy at
our AGM in May.

In February of this year, we announced the appointment of Brian
McBride, with effect from 1 May. As we position our business for a
technology driven future, his direct experience of developing digital
strategies and solutions in consumer-facing businesses tackling
rapidly evolving markets will be of great benefit.

Turning to our executive Board directors, at the end of December,
Rod Paris stepped down from the Board as part of simplifying our
governance structure; he remains Chief Investment Officer and a key
member of the executive leadership team.

In October we announced that Martin Gilbert will not seek re-election
at the upcoming AGM and will retire from the Group at the end of
September this year. This is a significant moment of transition for our
business. As | said at the time, it is impossible to overstate Martin's
achievement in building Aberdeen Asset Management over 37 years
from virtually nothing into a truly global and widely respected
investment firm. His foresight in recognising the factors that would
reshape the industry and the opportunities that could be delivered
from combining with Standard Life, led to the creation of Standard Life
Aberdeen in 2017. We owe him a huge debt of gratitude and accept
the significant responsibility to build on his legacy.

Looking ahead

At the opening to my statement | recognised that we now have more
clarity, at least in the short term, on some key issues in the last year.
Unsurprisingly in these times, other issues have emerged and a level
of uncertainty remains for existing geopolitical tensions, all of which
deserve continuing watchful oversight.

The spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus in China and beyond has
already had a significant impact and could have a material disruptive
effect on trade, supply chains and intemational travel.

Section 172 statement

The Board recognises that the long-term success of our
business is dependent on the way it works with a large number
of important stakeholders. The Directors have had regard to the
interests of our stakeholders (including, for example, our clients
and customers, our people, society and our shareholders) while
complying with their obligations to promote the success of the
Company in line with section 172 of the Companies Act. The
Board has discussed these obligations throughout the year,
including how stakeholder engagement is incorporated into

‘our long-term decision-making with further details provided on
page 59.

‘The Board's decision-making considers both risk and reward in
pursuit of delivering long-term value for all of our stakeholders,
and protecting their interests. Awareness and understanding of
the current and the potential risks to the business, including both
financial and non-financial risks, are fundamental to how we
manage the business. Further information on how risks are
appropriately assessed, monitored, controlled and governed is
provided in the Risk management section.

Akey example of stakeholder activity in 2019 was the
appointment of Melanie Gee as the non-executive Director for
employee engagement. Strong progress has been made in this
area and regular communications will continue in 2020.

You can read more about how we connect with our stakeholders
in the pages that follow.

In more traditional areas of concern, it is clear that the trade and
diplomatic relationship between the United States and China will
remain a source of friction for some time, particularly in the
technology arena.

Likewise the resetting of the UK's trading relationships with the EU
and the rest of the world will create both opportunities and challenges
for national economies — and investment markets will respond
accordingly.

Finally, the empowering yet disruptive impacts of technological
innovation and data management will change many business models
faster than we have seen in the past. It is for all these reasons we
invest heavily in investment research, in our own technology and in
human talent to build the agile and responsive active asset
management capabilities that we believe are essential to meeting the
demands of all our stakeholders.

Let me close by expressing on behalf of shareholders my gratitude to
all my colleagues who have worked so hard in the past year to deliver
the improved investment performance and organisational change
needed to position Standard Life Aberdeen well for future success.

‘ anf RA

Sir Douglas Flint
Chairman

‘Standard Life Aberdeen 2019 5

AYOdTY DIALS.

Chief Executive's review

Transforming today, investing for tomorrow

Keith Skeoch

2019 was another year of intense change for both our industry and
our business. To take advantage of the undoubted opportunities that
these changes bring, we continued to invest in transforming the
business in order to ensure we are future fit. While there is still
important work to be done, particularly on systems integration, | am
pleased to report significant progress on the priorities highlighted by
Sir Douglas in his report.

Investment performance improved throughout the year. We built on
the work done to bring our people together and created a single
executive leadership team. This has put strong foundations in place
for the development of a shared culture across the business. The
heavy lifting to integrate our systems is also well underway.

We started to see evidence of progress in the second half of the year
as flows improved. Our progress was also recognised by the industry
as we received external recognition for investment performance, the
quality of our platforms, our innovation and HR practices.

We also took advantage of favourable market conditions to monetise
some of the value of our listed investments in India, in order to extend
our share buyback programme and improve our financial resilience.

Driving performance, delivering for clients and
customers

Turning to the financial results, | am pleased with the improved
momentum in the second half of the year. IFRS profit before tax from
continuing operations increased to £243m (2018: loss of £787m)
primarily reflecting the gains realised from the sale of shares in HDFC
Life and HDFC Asset Management. Adjusted profit before tax from
continuing operations of £584m was a 10% reduction on 2018, mainly
due to the impact on revenue of the outflows in both 2018 and 2019.

We have seen a significant improvement in investment performance
following a particularly challenging year in 2018. At the end of 2019
74%, 60% and 67% of AUM was outperforming its benchmark over
‘one, three and five years respectively. The three-year metric reflects
improved performance in Multi-asset and continued strong
performance in Fixed income and Asia Pacific equities. This in tum
reflects the work of the team on our process enhancement plans,
which helped us review and refine our investment approach on an
ongoing basis. We have also developed decision support tools and
quantitative frameworks to aid portfolio construction.

It was pleasing then, at the start of 2020, to see this improvement
recognised with a number of our funds featuring in Investment Week's
coverage of the best performers of 2019. One of those included was
our ASI UK Impact Employment Opportunities Equity fund, illustrating
‘our long-held belief that a fund oriented towards ESG considerations
does nat mean a compromise on returns. Both Standard Life UK
Smaller Companies and Aberdeen Smaller Companies were featured
in the top ten performing investment trusts, marking an outstanding
year for the team.

Our focus, of course, is on meeting the needs of our clients and
customers, wherever they are in the world. To this end, as well as
improving investment performance, we have maintained our
commitment to innovation. We have developed and launched 36
products and 48 funds globally during the year, including our first
tactical Emerging Markets Bond Fixed Maturity Product and our
China OEIC and China Bond fund. We also launched new and highly
innovative technology on our Wrap platform, which allows for greater
client portfolio personalisation.

We have evolved our multi-channel approach to focus on four
channels: Institutional, Wholesale, Strategic insurance and Platforms
and Wealth, This model reflects the new shape of our business and
gives a sharp focus to our activities and how we can best utilise our
brands. We also work with our partners to get closer to more UK
consumers. We made some significant developments in our business
in the UK in 2019 including our joint venture with Virgin Money and
the launch of a strategic partnership with Skipton Building Society.

Leadership, culture and strategy

Sustaining our performance, and meeting our ambitions, requires that
our people are united — working together towards a common purpose
with a shared culture. This starts with leadership. Over the last year
we have made a significant investment in our people and have taken
major steps forward in building the culture that will enable us to deliver
our strategy.

| have realigned my executive leadership team to ensure we can be
quick and effective in decision-making, | have also brought together a
wider global leadership group, a team of our top leaders from across
the organisation who hold collective responsibility for delivering our
business plan. These leaders have a key role in achieving our
strategy.

‘Our purpose is that together we invest for a better future. Importantly

we do this as a single cohesive team and with the interests of all our
stakeholders at the heart of our decision-making.

6 Standard Life Aberdeen 2019

Given the context for our business — the pace of change, the final
stages of our transformation plan and the need to align our people's
focus and energy — we are continually evolving our strategy to
accelerate our progress towards achieving our ambitions. Alongside
our purpose, we have defined our strategic drivers, the imperatives
that underline how we will deliver and move forward as a business.
Our people are coming together behind this single, focused approach.
Details of these strategic drivers are opposite, and on pages 32 to 33.

A transforming business

We are now over two years on from our merger, and over a year on
from the sale of our UK and European insurance business to
Phoenix. A great deal has been achieved over the last two years with
some 700 milestones delivered as we integrated the two fund
management businesses. The positive benefits were reflected in
improved investment performance and flows, excluding Lloyds
Banking Group, in the second half of the year. Expected cost
‘synergies from integration and transformation have increased.
However, given the increased complexity that the separation
programme has added to the already challenging integration
programme, the expected gross cost of delivery has also increased
and the timing of the completion has lengthened. While we plan to
complete the build-out of the integrated investment platform and
commence migration of portfolios in 2020, migration of all portfolios
will now complete in 2021.

Our plan is working but there is still more we need to do, and we will
need to sustain our focus and energy on this work while also looking
to the future for our business.

Not least in this programme of work is a significant project to complete
the full separation of our business from the operations that transferred
to Phoenix. As an important strategic partner we will continue to work
closely with Phoenix, helping to grow their open book business and
as their asset manager of choice.

Sustainable return for long-term shareholders

Through this period of transformation, we are focused on reshaping
‘our cost base to match our transformed business, while also investing
to build a business fit for the future. Our financial stability is supported
by our strong balance sheet, including our valuable listed investments
in successful third party businesses including HDFC Life, HDFC
Asset Management and Phoenix.

In last year's annual report, we stated our intention to maintain our
dividend at a stable level through our transformation. During this
period, we have sustained the dividend, despite tough market
conditions, and our shareholders have also benefited from a
‘substantial retum of capital: with £1.75bn returned over 2018/2019
through our ‘B' share scheme and our on-market share buyback. In
2020, we also announced a further share buyback of up to £400m.

In 2021 we will be a very different business to what we were at the
Start of 2018. This will mean a sharp focus on our Asset
management, Platforms and Wealth activity. For shareholders who
have held our stock for ten years, this represents a total return of
162%. We believe that we are well placed to continue to reward our
patient shareholders with long-term value.

Our strategic drivers

The foundations from which we deliver for all our
stakeholders.

c High impact intelligence

Harness our intellectual capital, emotional
intelligence and data to generate best in
= class impact.

Enduring relationships

Deepen our understanding of customers
and clients to ensure we exceed their
expectations and build relationships
that last.

Connections without borders

Bring the best of our business to all our
markets by constantly connecting our

1 people, capabilities and assets to deliver a
seamless proposition.

Future fit

Build a strong organisation, positioned for
growth and ready to anticipate and meet the
challenges of tomorrow.

{Readmore about ou stategic pores
on pages 32 to 33.

‘Standard Life Aberdeen 2019

7

AMOd3Y DIDSLVALS

Chief Executive's review continued

Understanding our market

2019 was unusual for financial markets, with both ‘growth’ and ‘defensive’ assets
producing strong positive returns. Investors entered the year expecting rising interest
rates, but rates actually fell. This, and a flood of

---

g responsibly, encouraging diversity of thought and
Practising what we preach in how we act. It also means a
continued focus on robust governance and risk management. As
‘an example of acting on our principles, we are offsetting our
operational carbon footprint to become carbon neutral in 2020.

Slow growth, low inflation, compressed

return environment

Market volatility and uncertainty will be with us for some time and
will continue to drive clients’ and customers’ demand for
outcome-oriented products. We are a leader in ‘new active’
investment globally. This is an area of focus for us and we have
brought together our private markets franchise with our real
estate team, and we continue to invest in designing innovative
funds.

8 ‘Standard Life Aberdeen 2019

Arapidly changing market

Our actions over the course of 2019 ensure we are in a strong
position in a global market that continues to be volatile. The pace of
change remains relentless and the coming year will naturally bring its
own challenges. The outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus brings a
unique set of risks for global businesses to deal with.

We will also have to deal with the practical challenges that Brexit, and
retaining regulatory equivalence, will bring as we continue to serve
our valued clients in the European Union. The negotiations on a Free
Trade Agreement (FTA) between the UK and EU have begun. As
part of our Brexit planning we have considered a range of scenarios
and put in place arrangements to mitigate any potential disruption for
our customers, clients and operations. We will continue to follow
developments closely and regularly review the arrangements we
have in place. As a global asset manager we have extensive
experience of adapting to regulatory change and working across
borders.

Importantly, we now have a government with a sizeable majority. This
wil bring political stability but also the ability to define and deliver its
‘own economic and social agenda beyond Brexit.

In 2019 we took further action to improve our resilience so that our
business is well placed to deal with the uncertainties the constantly
changing external environment brings. We continue to invest in
innovation, in our culture, our investment processes, our platforms
and in the way we develop new funds, alongside the transformation
programme, so that we can meet changing client and customer
needs as they evolve.

A positive force for change

One area of notable change in 2019 was the increased attention on
ESG factors in investment. Our responsible investment capabilities
are nearly 30 years in the making and our impact on the companies
we hold to account is important and necessary. In 2019, we voted on
issues from human rights and employment practices to single-use
plastics and pesticides. The number of environmental and social
resolutions we voted on in 2019 increased by 26% compared to the
previous year.

One issue that has characterised the past year, probably more than
any before, is the overwhelming call to action by people around the
world to address the urgent crisis of climate breakdown. We cannot
underestimate the role our industry has in addressing this issue.
Acting alone, governments around the world will not be able to
provide the investment, or the will, to decarbonise the economy. It will
need large scale realignment of capital. Through engagement and our
voting rights, we can have a positive influence on companies around
the world.

pr 66 ID

We are innovating to meet
our customers’ and clients’
needs, investing in our culture
and championing positive
change for society and the
environment. We remain
financially strong and resilient,
delivering sustainable value
for shareholders.

Looking ahead

Our strong financial position, capital generation potential and focus on
operational efficiency enables us to invest in the business to drive
profitable revenue growth and shareholder return.

The outlook for the markets and our industry in 2020 is turbulent with
the additional complexity of COVID-19. We are focused on what we
can control, namely: delivering for our clients, customers, colleagues
and shareholders; diversifying our revenues; investing for the future,
and maintaining financial discipline. By doing this we will build a
business that is fit for the future and well positioned to manage
through the uncertainties ahead.

Keith Skeoch
Chief Executive

Standard Life Aberdeen 2019 9

14OdSY DIOBLWULS:

Our stakeholders and business model

Creating and preserving stakeholder value

Sustainable stakeholder value

Our simple business model is designed to create value and deliver long-term sustainable
benefits to all our stakeholders. Read more about our stakeholders on page 59.

For clients and customers -f Read more:
See pages 12 to 17

We focus on delivering outcomes that truly matter to our clients and customers, and are committed to active asset management.
We draw on expertise and insight from our teams around the world to deliver long-term investment performance.

Our platforms and wealth management services help us respond to increasing demand for financial advice and guidance, and
provide advisers with technology to support their customers effectively.

For our people {Read more
See pages 18 to 21

We aim to provide a market-leading proposition for our people. We have made significant steps in developing new UK terms and
conditions and harmonised policies that are fair and consistent.

We are committed to investing in attracting, retaining and developing talent at every career stage and we offer development
opportunities that link to our business needs.

Our aim is to understand our people’s diverse perspectives and reflect their views in how we operate, through an inclusive and
unifying culture. .

For society Read more:
See pages 22 to 27

We have important responsibilities to society and the environment.

Through active engagement with the companies in which we invest, we maintain constructive relationships that help us
understand their risks and opportunities, and positively influence their business practices. By investing responsibly, we play a
critical role in financing the