$C286832

The Pow
of Investment fu mt

Annual report ani accounts 2021

~~ abrdn.com

When our clients invest with
abrdn, they invest in more than
you think.

Our focus on the future helps to
create more progress, insights
and opportunities to change
things for the better.

This is the power of investing
with abrdn.

This annual report and accounts 2021 for abrdn ple, and the strategic report and financial highlights 2021 ore
Published on our website ot www.obrdn.com/annualreport

Access to the website is available outside the UK, where comparable information may be different,
‘Standard Life Aberdeen plc wos renamed abrdn pic on 2 July 2021.

Certoin meosures such os fee based revenue, cosvVincome ratio, adjusted operating profit, adjusted
‘S) profit before tox and adjusted copital generation are not defined under International Financial
Reporting Standards (|FRS) and are therefore termed alternative performance measures (APMs).

APMs should be read together with the Group's IFRS consolidated incorne statement, IFRS consolidated
staternent of financiol position and IFRS consolidated statement of cash flows, which are presentedin the
Group financial statements section of this report. Further deteils on APM are included in Supplementary
information.

‘See Supplementary information for details on AUMA, net flows ond the investment performance calculation.
Net flowsin the highights page excludes iquidity flows as they are volatile andlower margin Italso excludes
Lloyds Banking Group (LG) tranche withdrawals relating to the settlement of arbitration with LBG.

Al figures are shown on a continuing operations bosis unless otherwise stated,

Highlights

Adjusted operating +»
profit

£323m

2020: £219m

Investment performance

(% of AUM above benchmark
over three years)

67%

2020: 66%

Contents
1. Strategic report

About our business

Chairman's statement

Chief Executive Officer's review
Our strategic priorities

Our business model

Our growth vectors

Corporate investments
Sustainobility

Key performance indicators
Chief Financial Officer's overview
Risk management

Governance

2.Boardof Directors

3.Corporate governance statement
3.1 Audit Committee report

3.2 Risk and Capital Committee report

3.3Nomination and Governance

Committee report

3.4 Directors’ remuneration report
4 Directors report

5. Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

IFRS profit before tax

§1,115m

2020: £838m

Net flows
(Excl. iquidity and LBG )

£3.2bn

Full year dividend per share

14.6p

2020: 14.6p

Dow Jones Sustainability
Indices (DJSI) ranking

Top 3%

outflow of companies in our sector

2020: £12.3bn 2020: Top 2%

outflow

Financial information
2 6.Independent audit report 126

10 7. Group financial statements 136
13 8.Company financial statements 252
16 _  9.Supplementary information 264
18
20 Other information
29 10.Glossary 280
30 11. Shareholder information 283
46 12. Forward-looking statements 284
48 13.Contoct us IBC
61

4
68
72
84

3s WwW

7
100
117
123

This symbol indicates further information
is available within this document or on our corporate
website.

Download this report from:
www.abrdn.com/annualreport

Annual report 2021 abrdn.com 4

1HOSRU DIOTLVULS

About our business

Our purpose

Enabling our clients
to be better investors
B) & id
Technology and Powerful partnerships Enabling clients to
insight help empower help to enhance invest responsibly helps
clients to make better the expertise that us to build a better
decisions we offer world

Our connected global team

Clients worldwide trust us to find future-fit
investment opportunities globally to deliver

the outcomes they want.
We manage and We have around We have 800
administer £542 billion 5,000 employees investment
of assets for clients globally professionals in over

30 locations

2 abrdn.com Annucl report 2021

Our business

Our business is structured around three vectors,
focused on the constantly changing needs of our

clients.

Investments

Across markets
globally, we build
investment solutions to
enable clients to create
more opportunities for
their futures.

Our investments solutions are built
‘on the strength of our insight,
generated from wide-ranging
research, worldwide investment
expertise andlocal market
knowledge. Our teams collaborate
across regions, asset classes and
specialisms, connecting diverse
perspectives, working with clients to
identify investment opportunities
that suit their needs.

Fee based revenue

£1,231m

So

Adviser

Our platform
technology and tools
help UK wealth
managers and financial
advisers create more
opportunities for their
clients and their
businesses.

We provide technology, expertise
and support to make it easy for our
clients to run their business and
deliver the outcomes their clients
want. We offer content and
experiences that can be
personalised to suit every type of
business and client, giving advisers
powerful data andinsight to moke
better decisions.

Fee based revenue

§178m

O

“8

Personal

Our personal wealth
business offers tailored
services to help
individuals in the UK
create financially
secure futures in a way
that works for them.

We integrate a full range of services
from high-quality financial planning
and discretionary investment
management copobilties, through
to hybrid advice and digital investing
tools, Our proposed acquisition of
interactive investor transforms and
broadens these capabilities.

Fee based revenue

£92m

TUOGR DIOSLVULS,

£464bn AUM

[A Read more on page 20

£76bn AUA

[71 Readmore onpage 25

£14bn AUMA

ZA Readmore on page 27

Invest in this

Across our business we
connect our clients with
wide-ranging investment

solutions, giving clients more
confidence to achieve Investments

their goals. 52 131

investment strategies are funds independently

positively rated by rated 4/5 stars by
investment consultants, Morningstar, based on
who are used by 93% of the investment
institutional investors in performance of the
the UK and 88% in the US. funds we offer our

to advise on their diverse wholesale clients
investment needs (2020: 117 funds).

(2020:52 strategies).

4 abrdn.com Annual report 2021

And you invest in that

LUOdRI IOSLVULS.

So

Adviser
‘A’ ratings

The first and only UK
adviser platform to
receive the highest rating
for financial strength
from AKG, one of the top
factors advisers consider
when selecting their
primary platform.

Gold
- award

from Defaqto for
platform service, based
on survey findings from.
across the financial
adviser community.

O

8

Personal
4.9 outof5 | 94%

of AUM for discretionary
investment
management business
aligned to strategies
which outperformed
the benchmark over
three years

(2020: 72%).

average rating from
clients for our hybrid
retirement advice
service.

Annual report 2021 abrdn.com 5

Invest in this

The insight, Connecting expertise and perspectives

expertise and Wid . cl ise with

i ‘i f ide-ranging lobal expertise witi

nine research local knowledge

our team nelp Insight through tools, such as climate Our investment specialists collaborate

clients create scenario analysis, helps our clients tobetter | across regions and specialisms to create
identify investment risks and o} tunities. investment solutions.

more ways for PPOr

their investments

to make an Our transformed Empowering better

impact. investment platform investment decisions
By integrating our portfolios on asingle Finimize helps us bring further insights and
global investment platform, we are information to a highly engaged
consolidating our data, applications and community of digital investors

reporting process toimprove the
experience for clients.

6 abrdn.com Annual report 2021

1UOdY IOSILVULS,

And you invest in that

Strengthin our real

estate capabilities

Our acquisition of a majority interest in Tritax supports
‘our ambitions in the high-growth logistics and
e-commerce real estate market.

Harnessing technology

Our digital capabilities enhance the flexibility and choice
we offer individuals to create portfolios around their
individual goals, risk profiles and preferences, as well as
making our services easier to access.

Improving the adviser experience

Continuously striving for excellence, our visionis to
enhance our capabilities and technology tocreate an
effortless experience for advisers and their clients.

Making individual savings easy

Our Stocks & Shares ISA takes minutes to set up, can be
managed online at any time, andcan be tailored to
individual needs.

Annual report 2021 abrdn.com 7

Invest in this

Creating
solutions that
can be measured
beyond money
alone. With our
clients, we are
helping to build a
better future for
all of our
stakeholders.

1. See the Glossary for definitions of key climate related terms including net zero.

8 abrdn.com

Responsible business

Net zero’ target inour | Boardand senior AAscore in MSCIESG

operations by 2040 leadership level Ratings Index

with an interim target targets of 40% achieved,

of a50% reduction by women, 40% men, demonstrating our

2025. 20% any gender by resilience to long-
2025. termESG risks.

Reducedour Supporting the Top 3% in the Dow

operational emissions bridging of the digital Jones Sustainability

by 62% since 2018 divide through our Index for our sector.

includingpandemic | ¢1m Hello World

related reductions. partnership.

Annual report 2021

And you invest in that

THOdRIDIOSLVULS,

Responsible investing

ESG embedded across all of
our actively managed
portfolios.

Driving opportunities in
Asian markets through our
APAC Sustainability
Institute.

Joined the Net Zero Asset
Managers initiative to work
collaboratively in support of
decarbonisation towards
net zero.

Majority of our SICAV funds
willbe converted to promote
increased 'E’ or'S'
characteristics or have
specific goals (Article 8&9
funds) in next 12 months.

Target to reduce the carbon
intensity* of the assets we
invest in by 50% by 2030 vs
2019 baseline.

Annual report 2021

Supporting client
transparency and
understanding via
improved sustainability
reporting.

abrdn.com

Chairman's statement

Creating a
better future

As we close out another year, our firstas abrdn,
resilience and agility have once again been important
aspects of our company’s development In what has
been another challenging year, it is worth reflecting
Positively on how much has been achieved to
reshape our business to meet both society's
expectations of us and our own statement of
purpose. That statement of purpose - to enable our
clients to become better investors - is a constant in all
that we do, andis far reaching in its influence.
Investing effectively, recognising the powerful impact
that the allocation of capital can have on facilitating
Positive outcomes, not only for people and their
families, but also for the communities around us, the
environment in which we live and the industries that
play an important role in shaping our futures, is what
we stand for.

Our global brand

Symbolic of the renewed sense of purpose within our
business was the launch of the abrdn brand. Like all
brand changes, particularly one involving a change
from such well-established names, we attracted
considerable media attention and comment, and
feedback from individual shareholders covered the
entire range from dismay to scepticism to
excitement.

While not without its challenges, developing a single
brandrepresented an important milestone in
positioning ourselves for the future. We needed to
have a brand name that was unique to us, one that

10 abrdn.com Annual report 2021

we could protect and that worked well in the
increasingly important digital world.

Having licensed the Standard Life brand when we
sold the UK and European insurance business to
Phoenix, continuing to use that brand was not an
option, and the name Aberdeen could never be
unique to us. The sale of the Standard Life brand,
which we announced as part of a simplification and
extension of our strategic partnership with Phoenix
early last year, brought urgency to this

---

.

Solutions

We understand that clients
© \ increasingly have needs that go
© } beyondijust financial returns. From
“A pension funds needing to match
income streams to liabilities, to
insurance companies navigating
regulatory capital constraints, to wealth managers
wanting to digitise their client offerings, many
orgonisations seek our expertise to deliver robust and
multi-faceted outcomes. The abrdn Solutions group
seeks to deliver tailored outcomes by drawing on the
full range of capabilities across our business.

Progress in 2021

— NewHead of Solutions group appointed.

— Developed a pipeline of Wealth Tech opportunities
in APAC centred on the provision of model
portfolios, engaging digital journeys and the
underlying technology.

- Won over £1bn in assets across 13 pensions and
insurance mandates. ©

Investing responsibly

In arapidly changing world ona
path to net zero, we believe that the
consideration of ESG factorsis
essential to more constructive
engagement and better informed
investment decisions which help our
clients to achieve their financial objectives. Thinking
about the future desired by our customers is a priority
and we are relentlessly curious, seeking to identify
those technologies, companies and sectors that will
thrive in the economy, environment and society of
tomorrow. Our investment decision-making
incorporates ESG factors to improve client outcomes
‘and drive positive change.

Our products and solutions integrate sustainability
factors to improve long-term returns and through
clear communication of our processes we empower
our clients to make better informed investment
decisions to help them navigate this era of rapid
change.

Progress in 2021

- Climate change fund range launched.

— Converted 23 SICAV funds to Article 8 & 9.

~ NewHead of Sustainability position created, with
the appointment announced in January 2022.

Ecosystems
7eN Our technology ecosystem consists
9 of strong, trusted partners, operates.
9 } as a seamless extension of our own

capabilities andis a key source of

competitive advantage and
customer trust. In today’s well-designed
ecosysterns, itis rio longer ecessary to own all parts
of the value chain and our strong partnerships
provide increased capabilities and controls cost
effectively. Building connections within our
ecosystems allows us to access new and growing
client segments efficiently.

NY

Progress in 2021

— Acquisition of Finimize, bringing innovation, digital
and content skills.

— Partnered with Citibank to provide funds on their
Citi Plus digital wealth platform in Hong Kong

- Launched abrdn connect, enabling shorter client
response times and more targeted information.

- Built on relationships with technology providers
TCS and Cognizant to leverage global expertise.

Private markets

Opportunities in private markets are

playing an increasingly important

partin making our clients better

investors as access to public

markets is no longer required in

many important sectors. We focus on

the growth themes, such as real assets, logistics and
infrastructure, which are better accessed by our
clients via private market investments and we are
strengthening and leveraging our business in this
strategically important area.

Progress in 2021

— Acquisition of majority interest in leading European
logistics real estate investor, Tritax.

— Divestrnent of non-core assets Hork and
Bonaccord generated funds for reinvestment.

Annual report 2021 abrdn.com 17

180438 DIDS VULS

Our business model

How werun our business to
deliver value for our stakeholders

Our business model is designed to support the successful delivery of
our growth strategy harnessing the combination of strengths in our
business. We structure our business model to deliver growth in our
vectors, efficient operations, control in our processes, and a positive
environment for talent.

Our areas of streng¢p,

18

Global investment

copobilt

No.1 adviser platform in
the UK powered by
leading technology

Yow we

Growth vectors
We focus on our three
vectors of growth to deliver
our strategic ambitions
profitably, simply and
efficiently. We earn revenue
primarily from fees charged
based on AUMA.

Abroad ecosystem of
capobilities in the UK
wealth market

ies with

expertise ina broad
range of osset classes

OP erate

Efficient operations
Weare building our
operating mode! for agility,
speed andefficiency
enabled by technology
which aims to deliver the
best possible experience.

Controlled processes

Our control environment
helps us manage risk
effectively, ensure business
security and maintain
operational resilience.

Sustainable investment
considerations integral to
our investment process

Talent

Our talent model constantly
strives for excellence, with
diversity and inclusion at its
core. We aim to attract and
develop the best people for
leadership roles, and to
offer clear pathways for
career advancement.

Enduring client
relotionships built on trust
and experience

Strong capital resources
toinvest in growth
opportunities to drive

shareholder value

“Ee”

abrdn.com

Annual report 2021

‘TuOdHE DOSLVELS.

Read more
Our strategic priorities and Our Investments, Adviser and How we have engaged
what we have achieved Personal growth vectors are with our stakeholders in
in 2021 are explainedon explained on pages 20 to 28. 2021 is explained on
pages 16 to 17. Information on our listed pages 42 to 43.
investments are included on
page 29,

7)

For our people

-Performonce-driven culture
where we listen to, and act on,

For clients

~ Broad range of solutions
designed to meet clients’ current and

future needs our people's views
- Long-term investment performance - Technology to develop talent and
improve collaboration

~ Sustoinoble investment considerations integral to
‘our investment processes

- A framework to guide our diversity and
inclusion priorities
Overall employee engagement
score 51%

Three-year investment
performance 67%

VA

The value we deliver for our stakeholders

/~N

&

For shareholders

- Sustainable long-term shareholder value

~Finoncial resilience in uncertain and
chollenging market conditions

- Continued investment in our business to
further diversify our sources of revenue

For society
-Fair and inclusive employment,
removing barriers to realising potential
- Aresponse to the interlinked crises of
climate change and biodiversity loss

- Sustoinobility/ESG focus running through our
operations and our investments

Full year dividend

DJSI World index top 3% of 14.6p

for our sector

Annual report 2021 abrdn.com 19

Our growth vectors

Investments

Collaborating across

---

rkets so that our clients can
capture the investment opportunities that suit their needs.

Our clients include: iyear
— Pension funds performance
- Governments impacted by
- Banks 52 headwinds for
- Insurers Strategies positively quality/income
- Companies rated by funds
- Chorities consultants (2020: 71%)
— IFAs/DFMs
Institutional
¢2,000 clients, with average 131 Key 3 year
tenure of 10 years Morningstar investment

4/5 star performance
Wholesale rated wholesale metric broadly
Broad offering of funds stable

mutual/pooled funds sold
through direct sales and
distribution partnerships

(2020: 66%)

&176bn

AUM of largest
insurance
client

Insurance

Providing insurance clients,
largely our strategic partner
Phoenix, with solutions to
meet their complex needs

Broadly stable 5
year performance
(2020: 68%)

Read more about investment
performance on page 52

“2021 was about defining the five core investment strengths of our business. With anew management
structure, we are delivering a more focused organisation around these core strengths. While the Americas
and EMEA delivered encouraging performances in 2021, we have more work to do in our largest region, the
UK, where we have strong existing franchises. We will drive our client-led growth by investing in what we do
well, extending our offering, and continuing to rationalise the business by exiting non-core activities.”

Chris Demetriou - CEO, UK, EMEA and Americas

“In 2021 we have reset our APAC strategy, building on our already strong expertise and heritage in the region.
We have strengthened our local teams to ensure we deliver sustainable client outcomes in some of the fastest
growing markets globally. We are uniquely positioned to guide both global and local investors to navigate
these markets.”

René Buehlmann - CEO, Asia Pacific

20 abrdn.com Annual report 2021

How we enable our clients to be
better investors

Institutional

Our institutional clients are typically professional investors
who are responsible for large pools of assets. Many have
long-term financial promises to keep, such as paying
pensioners in retirement. They invest their assets ina way
that allows them to keep those future promises and are
often advised by actuaries and investment consultants.
We can manage a specific part of their investment
portfolio or provide them with a solution that matches all
their investments against their liabilities.

Wholesale

Our wholesale clients use our investment funds to help
their end retailinvestors. They can be small advisers
helping individuals meet their financial goals directly, or
parts of larger banks or wealth managers who may be
creating their own solutions for their customers. Itis critical
that we offer products that are attractive to end retail
investors and that our wholesale clients are confident to
use. Our strategic relationships help us to bring our
products closer to wholesale clients across the world.

Insurance

Our insurance clients have unique investment needs. They
have to generate sufficient returns to meet future liabilities
while meeting regulatory requirements to stay financially
strong. We help our insurance clients by providing solutions
and arange of strategies and asset classes that help meet
these commitments.

Delivering forward-thinking
investment outcomes for institutional
and wealth clients

Under the new vector leadership team appointed at the
start of 2021, we have sharpened our focus on our core
areas of strength where we have established strong
credentials and which are closely aligned with the major
market trends. These are:

- Asia and emerging markets.

- Realassets.

= Sustainable investing.

- Solutions and customised outcomes.
- UKwealth,

Accelerating growth in Asia

With René Bueh!mann's arrival, our Asia strategy is focused

on three broad themes:

- Accelerating distribution in the region with a strong
wholesale focus.

— Strengthening our leading Asian investment expertise, in
particular around sustainability.

— Focusing on improving distribution of global products to
regional clients.

Market trends

(1) Democratising financial services
through technology

The transfer of financial responsibility
toward the individual, changing which
products are needed and how they are
sold, increasingly through the deployment
of technology.

(2) Shifting economic power towards
Asia and emerging markets

The higher rate of economic growth will
continue to attract investment from the
rest of the world. Likewise, the region will
experience increasing demand for global
investment capabilities as localinvestors
and institutions expand their investment
horizons.

(3) Sustainable investing

Clients increasingly look to align their
investments with the social and
environmentalissues that matter to them,
and to protect their investments from the
risks associated with these issues.

(4) Urbanisation and infrastructure
development
‘Build Back Better’ economic recovery
and renewable energy policies will drive
investment into sustainable real asset and
infrastructure projects globally.

We have a strong global reputation for our Asian asset
management capabilities with £44bn under management
in long-standing strategies such as China A shares and
Asia Pacific Equity.

Our focus on developing wholesale activity is yielding
results. We have taken a big step forward through a new
partnership with Citibank where our products are now
available on Citibank's digital banking and investment
platform in Hong Kong and will shortly become available in
Singapore and the US.

Weare one of the first asset managers in Asia Pacific to
fully integrate ESG considerations into investments across
all asset classes. In July, we launched our Sustainability
Institute in the region which brings together expertise and
insight from ESG experts across our business in Asia Pacific,
including in regulation, product development, distribution
and corporate sustainability.

Annual report 2021 abrdn.com 21

TOR DISBLVELS.

Our growth vectors continued

Real assets

Following a strategic review of our capabilities in private
markets and alternatives, we modernised our focus in this
high-growth asset class.

We have brought together our real estate and
infrastructure capabilities under a real assets franchise,
with £48bn of assets under management. 2021 has seen
the highest level of capital deployment since the merger
with £3.2bn of direct real estate investments completed or
confirmed. The acquisition of a majority interest in Tritax
supports our ambitions in the fast-growing logistics and e-
commerce real estate market. Its AUM has grown strongly
by 12%

---

dinsurance solutions, in 2021 we
won over £1bnin assets across 13 mandate wins with
end clients ranging from UK defined pension schemes to
mid-sized life insurers.

22 abrdn.com Annual report 2021

UK wealth

We are aleading UK domestic asset manager with
Institutional and Wholesale AUM of £120bn anda broad
offering of mutual/pooled funds.

We have goodinsight into the retail market through our
connectivity to our Adviser and Personal vectors and
partnerships with Skipton and Virgin Money. Our MyFolio
solutions, with AUM of £17.7bn, offer advisers and clients
packaged, cost-effective, risk-targeted solutions to help
meet long-term investment needs.

Through the wholesale channel, we have over 100 highly
rated funds across five themes:

— Asia, Emerging Markets and China.

- Small & Mid cap.

- Sustainability.

— Europe & UK,

— Outcome oriented.

Driving efficiency by optimising our investment
platform

The integration of our global investment platform is now
complete, with the successful migration of over 1300
Portfolios representing over £460bn of AUM onto a single
global investment platform. The integration included
migrating middle office, performance and client reporting
services to a single supplier and consolidating our business
copplications. These actions will bring substantial benefits
for our investment teams and their clients, as well as
optimising our cost base.

Our strategic focus for 2022

By investing in our core strengths, and building on what we
do well, as well as streamlining our client offering and cost
base, we will be able to sharpen our focus on driving
growth

(Our business depends on market levels and we have plans
in place to be able to address counter-cyclical trends and
efficiencies if marketlevels reduce significantly.

In 2022 we will:

— Continue to deliver our growth strategy for Asia.

— Further strengthen our real asset franchise by
broadening, building out and evolving our capabilities.

= Build on our strong global sustainable investment
capabilities by expanding our fund offering and
innovating in the thematics space.

— Build on our established expertise in providing innovative
solutions to clients’ complex needs, including pensions
‘and insurance, in particular supporting Phoenix to
enhance its open book proposition.

= Reposition our product offering and capability mix to
better align with the wholesale market demands.

- Seek to invest in areas of the market with attractive
growth characteristics and modern asset classes.

~ Continue to simplify the business through product
rationalisation and exiting non-core activities.

Broad and growing range of investment capabilities
We offer investment expertise across all key asset classes, regions and markets so that our clients can capture investment
potential wherever it arises.

Assets under management by asset class

— 7 -t~

180d DIOSLVULS

Liquidity: £45bn Private equity: £14bn

Quantitative: e56bn Equities: £122b
Quantitative: £56bn quities n

£464bn

Alternatives: £21bn
AUM at 31 Dec 2021

Fixed income: £113bn

Real assets: £48bn

Multi-asset: £45bn

Our broad global reach and expertise

With 800 investment professionals in over 30 locations worldwide, we provide clients with local expertise combined with the
power of a global perspective.

UK
AUM

£331bn

Revenue growth

3%

Americas
AUM

£51bn

Revenue growth

12%

APAC
uM

£19bn

Revenuegrowth

13%

UM in the diagram above is based on client domicile and revenue is allocated based on where the revenue is earned. Revenue for our overseas businesses

were impacted by adverse foreign exchange movements. See Note 2(c) of the Group financial statements for a breakdown of revenue by geogrophicol
location.

Annual report 2021 abrdn.com 23

Our growth vectors continued

Introducing
Finimize

In October 2021, we announced our acauisition of
investing insights platform Finimize. Finimize empowers
retailinvestors by equipping them with information to
make their own informed investment decisions. The
acquisition of Finimize is aligned with abrdn’s strategy to

invest in technology to accelerate the pace and focus on
innovation to meet changing investor needs.

Finimize has over 1 million subscribers to its daily newsletter
and the business has built a global community of modern
investors, passionate about making investing accessible. In
2021 more than 70,000 people signed up for Finimize’s
member-organised events. By the end of the year over
45,000 were paying for the premium subscription. The
Finimize app was listed as a top 10 finance app by the
Apple App Store.

Finimize now benefits from access to abrdn’s global
network of partners, our established research team and
our operational infrastructure. The team at Finimize will
collaborate with abrdn’s Research Institute and investment
teams to provide an enhanced experience for Finimize
users and new editorial content for abrdn clients. Finimize
will bring new talent into the business, as abrdn is able to
utilise Finimize's unique content delivery technology,
editorial and content skils. Insights into its highly engaged
retail investor community will support abrdn’s product and
service development In this way, Finimize represents both
enhanced capabilities for abrdn, as well as a potential high
growth business in its own right.

Finimize continues to operate as an independent brand
and Finimize CEO, Max Rofagha, sits on abrdn’s leadership
team.

2 finimize

Top 10 finance app
— Apple App Store

24 abrdn.com

Annual report 2021

Finimize offers:

- Afree daily newsletter.

- Amorein-depth subscription service, at a flat fee.

- The opportunity to connect and interact with fellow
investors through online chat forums and in-person
events.

“There is a huge demand for accessible
high-quality investing information for retail
investors. To meet this need, we need to be
bite-size, mobile and social to fit modern
investors’ busy lives. We envisage Finimize
will become the most convenient way for
people to discover, research and discuss
investing and we're excited to be doing this
with the backing of a major financial
institution that shares our vision."

Max Rofagha
CEO of Finimize

Adviser

Through a relentless focus on the quality of our content and experience, we aim
to be the easiest business for advisers to partner with, for every firm and for
every type of client. We are the leading platform for advisers in the UK,
continuously improving solutions to create an effortless experience that

empowers them to work efficiently and at scale.

Our clients

= Regional and national
financial advisers

- Discretionary fund
managers