$C286832

Annual report

and accounts
2023

abrdn ple

j nae aN
<
a
JE
we *AD1U675F*
A03 26/04/2024 #199
4 COMPANIES HOUSE

abrdn.com

Our reporting suite

This report forms part of our reporting suite.

Sustainability and TCFD report

The focus of this report is to extend our
climate-related disclosure beyond our
Annual report and update on other

material sustainability topics for abrdn.

Stewardship report

Sets out our application of the 12
principles of the UK Stewardship Code,
as investors.

Modern slavery statement

Our disclosure in line with the UK Modern
Slavery Act, detailing our work to
mitigate related risks.

Three years ago, we set out to
fundamentally reshape our business.

Against a challenging backdrop, our
strategy has formed a company that is
better positioned for growth, driven by
the evolving needs of our clients and
customers.

This annual report and accounts 2023 for abrdn pic, and the
strategic report and financial highlights 2023 are published on
our website at www.abrdn.com/annualreport

Access to the website is available outside the UK, where
comparable information may be different.

Certain measures such as adjusted operating profit,
adjusted profit before tax, adjusted capital generation and
cost/income ratio, are not defined under International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are therefore
termed alternative performance measures (APMs).

APMs should be read together with the Group’s consolidated
income statement, consolidated statement of financial position
and consolidated statement of cash flows, which are presented
in the Group financial statements section of this report. Further
details on APMs are included in Supplementary information.

See Supplementary information for details on assets under
management and administration (AUMA), net flows and the
investment performance calculation. Net flows in the Highlights
page excludes liquidity flows as they are volatile and lower
margin. It also excludes Lloyds Banking Group (LBG) tranche
withdrawals in 2022 relating to the settlement of arbitration
withLBG.

@
4
2D
S
can
mn
Q
ce)
D
Fad
Q
ie}
2
3

Contents Highlights

Strategic report

Ataglance

justed o) ti fit
Chairman's statement Adjusted operating profi ©

2
6

Chief Executive Officer's review 9 & 2 4 9 mM
12

Our business model and strategy

Performance overview 18 2022: £263m
Our businesses 20
Sustainobilty 38 IFRS loss before tax ,
Key performance indicators 60 & 6
Chief Financial Officer's overview 62 ( m )
Risk management 76 2022: (612m)!
Governance Full year dividend per share
Board of Directors 82
Corporate governance statement 86 1 4 6 p
Audit Committee report 98 °
Risk and Capital Committee report 107 2022: 14.6p
Nomination and Governance Committee report 111 Investment performance
Directors remuneration report 15 (% of AUM above benchmark over three years)
Directors’ report 135
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 141 4 2%
Financial information 2022: 65%
Independent auditor's report 144
Group financial statements 160 Net flows
Company financial statements 271 (Excl liquidity and L8G)

Supplementary information 286 & 13 9 b
.70n

Other information

Glossary 300 ou tflow
Shareholder information 303 2022: £10.3bn outflow
Forward-looking statements 304 .

Contact us BC MSCIESG rating

Gl] is indicates further information i jithin 2022: AAA

O— this document or on our corporate website.

1 Download this report from: walreport

1. Comporatives have been restated for the HASL
implementation of IFRS 17. Refer Basis of preparation
in the Group financial statements section.

Annual report 2023 ebrdn.com 1

Ataglance

abrdn is a modern investment
company that helps clients and
customers plan, save and invest for

the future

Specialist asset management

OOO

Investments

Our capabilities in our Investments
business are built on the strength of
our insight - generated from wide-
ranging research, worldwide
investment expertise and local
market knowledge.

Our clients:

- Insurance companies

- Sovereign wealth funds

- Independent wealth managers
— Pension funds

- Platforms

- Banks

- Family offices

Adjusted operating profit

£50m

AUM
£366.7bn

Cost/income ratio

94%

UK savings and wealth platforms

OOO

Adviser

Our Adviser business, the UK's second
largest advised platform by AUA,
provides financial planning solutions
and technology for UK financial
advisers which enables them to
create value for their businesses and
their clients.

Our clients:

- Financial advisers

- Discretionary fund managers

Adjusted operating profit

£118m

AUMA
£73.5bn

Cost/income ratio

47%

OCCO

interactive investor (ii)*
Powered by the UK's second-largest
direct-to-consumer investment
platform, our interactive investor
business enables individuals in the UK
to plan, save and invest in the way
that works for them.

Our clients:
- Individuals

Adjusted operating profit

£114m

AUMA

£66.0bn

Cost/income ratio

60%

ie Read more about our three businesses on pages 20 to 37. Overall performance

O— summary is included on page 70.

1. Personalhas been renomedii and includes Personal Wealth unless otherwise stated.

2 abrdn.com

Annual report 2023

Our purpose
To enable our clients to be better investors

What sets us apart
A diversified business supporting clients at all financial stages

Diversified, multi-
clientsegment
business model

creating aresilient

organisation

Positive and Embedding
decisive action to Aland

Trusted brands
with strong

technology in
market positions strengthen the oy

business model the business

Industry-

leading platforms Strong balance

Strong

Operating in

commitment to enabling markets with sheet and
sustainability and enhanced client structural growth shareholder
climate action service and value characteristics returns

Shaped by our cultural commitments

13) @ if 8

We put the client first We are empowered Weare ambitious Weare transparent

7] Readmore about our culture on pages 48.and 49.

Annual report 2023 abrdn.com

[ suoaayo1oaivais]

Our strategy in action

Our strategy
in action

At the start of 2021, we set out our three-year strategy to build a
diversified business that could be successful through market-cycles. We
have refocused on areas of strength, selling non-core elements with
lower growth and profitability, and making strategic and bolt-on
acquisitions to add high value capabilities.

abrdn has fundamentally transformed. We now have a differentiated
value proposition, providing full lifecycle service through our investment
content and wealth platforms.

2OOOSSOOS

Acquisition of ‘Sale of Parmenion ‘Sale of Bonaccord
majority interest in Copital Partners Capital Partners poeta Moonee,
Tritax, bringing demonstrating andHark Capital, investor, the Delaware Funds,
‘exposure and our commitment simplifying our UK's leading adding
‘expertise in the to simplify our business in the subscription significant scale
fast-growing operations and US. based D2C to three of our
logistics and reconfigure our investment existing US
e-commerce ‘business for platform, closed-end
realestate growth. significantly funds.
market. Completed expanding our Completed July
Completed June 2021. Personalbusiness. 2023.
April 2021 Completed May
2022.

Resetour ‘Standard Life Acquisition of Monetised a 4%

relationship with ‘Aberdeen Finimize, with holding in Phoenix,

Phoenix Group officially becomes. theintention raising £0.36n with

with asimplified abrdn ple, building toenableit to the intention to

‘andextended onourheritage become the return this capital

strategic with ahighly number one toshareholders.

partnership to differentiated information

manage their brand creating platform for

assets untilat unity across the modern

least 2031, and business. investors.

sold them the

Standard Life

brand.

4 abrdn.com Annual report 2023

February February July/ October ) (December
2023 2023 2023 2023 2023
Completed Delivery of Phase Sale of remaining Sale of US private equity Completed
£300m share 2of Adviser shares in HDFC Life business followed by sale of £300mshare
buyback. Experience andHDFC Asset European headquartered buyback.
Commencedin Programme, one private equity business, Commenced
July 2022 of the largest and Since December underlining our £150m share
most complex 2020, total net commitment to exit buyback in June:
changes since proceeds of non-core businesses that 2023, and
we launched the £2.1bnhasbeen no longer align to our extended to
platform, making generated overall product strategy. £300min August
it faster and more through these US sale completed 2023.
flexible. Further stake sales. October 2023.European
phases will sale expected to
complete in 2024 complete in the first half
and 2025. of 2024.
Sole of discretionary Managed Portfoko ‘Acquisition of the Proposed acquisition
fund Service team healthcare fund of four closed-end
business, concluding moves to Adviser management funds from First
that another owner from Personal, capabilities of Trust, cementing
would be better unlocking greater Tekla, including ‘our positionas the
placed toinvest to opportunity for four NYSE listed third-largest
deliver scale growth. healthcare and manager of
in the business. biotech thematic closed-end
Completed closed-end funds. funds globally.
September 2023. Completed Expected to
October 2023. complete Hi 2024.
Annual report 2023 ‘obrdn.com 5

[ sdodau o103L vas |

Chairman's statement

Adapting to
succeed in

an evolvin
sector

Context is important when reviewing progress made
during 2023.

Last year, many of the headwinds facing active asset
managers grew stronger, accelerating our drive to
reshape abrdn to be more resilient within and across
economic cycles. Notably, the year saw continuation,
right across the market, of asset allocations trending
away from investment in equities, from emerging
markets and from commercial real estate, all reflecting
both changes in risk appetite as well as the re-
emergence of competing cash and liquidity products
with attractive yields, as interest rates rose markedly to
combat stubbornly high inflation.

This latter point was particularly relevant as, both in the
UK andin the US, investors could capture risk-free
returns in excess of 5% for the first time in 15 years ata
time of heightened economic uncertainty. Continuing
outflows from UK equity funds marked 43 consecutive
months of outflow, in part due to the change in risk
preference described above. Equally important was the
continuing run-off of closed defined benefit UK pension
schemes’ investment in UK listed equities, as they
completed their transition to liability driven strategies or
transferred their obligations to the insurance market.

6 obrdn.com Annual report 2023

Investment through defined contribution retirement
schemes compensated only partially, as contribution
rates are significantly lower than those of defined
benefit pension schemes and equity allocations there
are primarily to global equity products in which UK listed
companies are a very small component. Recently
released ONS figures illustrate the impact of these
structural shifts in asset allocation, evidencing that UK
pension schemes and insurers combined held only 4% of
UK listed equities, declining from around half in the early
1990s.

This structural shift in the relative importance of the UK
institutional market underlines the significance of our
recent diversification to get closer to the end investor
through investment in our Adviser and ii businesses. As
willbe noted in our results for 2023, in a weak year for
our Investments business, in part due to continued
restructuring, our two platform businesses grew their
contribution to adjusted operating profit to £232m,
thereby contributing 93% of the Group total

Macroeconomic and geopolitical backdrop

Investment activity in 2023 also faced challenges from
the macroeconomic and geopolitical environments. The
horrendous attack against Israel on October 7th
precipitated a powerful military response which is still
ongoing, with fears of a wider Middle East conflict
impacting investor sentiment. This added to concerns
over the continuing war in Ukraine. Economically, cost of
living burdens in the UK from continuing inflation
constrained the flow of funds into retail savings products
and indeed we saw some withdrawal from savings pots
as household budgets were stretched. With major
elections in 2024, notably in the US and the UK, but
extending into some 50 countries, the resulting politically
charged policy narratives added to investment
uncertainty. Helpfully, market levels improved in the final
quarter of 2023 as feared recessions seemed less likely
and inflationary threats were downgraded leading to
markets discounting earlier and larger interest rate
reductions than previously expected.

UK Capital Market restructuring initiatives and
demographic saving challenges

The decline in UK institutional participation in UK listed
equity markets referred to above, together with a
decline in new listings in London and UK listed company
departures to other listing venues deemed more
attractive, precipitated considerable attention from
within the financial industry, the media and government.
This led to a number of initiatives supported by
government, industry and the regulatory community to
remove barriers deemed to contribute to a lack of
competitiveness, as well as introducing reforms
designed to modernise UK capital markets. Of particular
note were the so-called Edinburgh Reforms, the
Mansion House Reforms as well as the work of the
Capital Markets Industry Taskforce and the FCA’s
proposed listing regime reforms.

Asa leading investment business in the UK, we
supported these initiatives and believe adoption of the
measures contained within them are hugely important
to the delivery of a stronger UK economy and amore
competitive financial sector environment, through
which UK listed businesses can attract both the funding
and talent to be more successful. In 2023 we co-
sponsored a report by the think-tank New Financial that
provided an analysis of many of the key issues
underlying this agenda and we look forward to playing
our part in supporting adoption.

The Mansion House Reforms were also particularly
important in highlighting the relatively lower returns in
pooled retirement savings in the UK in defined
contribution schemes, as a consequence of both the
large number of small schemes and a lower risk
appetite within such schemes than seen in other leading
economies. The savings gap opening up from this low
risk tolerance, together with the lower mandatory
contribution rates in the UK, risk contributing toa
demographic timebomb as current generations of
scheme participants are likely to reach retirement with
inadequate funds to meet their expectations of a
comfortable retirement. Our industry along with our
regulators and policymakers need to work together to

ensure people are properly informed of the
responsibility increasingly placed on the individual to
build adequate funds to support retirement. This is a
theme where abrdn plans to have a leading voice and
we are positioning our Adviser and ii businesses to play a
prominent role; Stephen highlights the steps we are
taking in his review.

[ tu0daudI9aLvuLs |

Progress on delivering on our strategic ambitions
and performance in the year

With revenue growth in 2023 expected to be very
challenging given the economic and geopolitical
backdrop described above, we set one of our priorities
for 2023 to eliminate some £75m of costs, excluding that
derived from business disposals. In part, this was
achieved through consolidating or closing sub-scale
funds and sharpening the focus of the investment
strategies offered to clients. All of this was achieved and
is discussed more fully in the Chief Executive Officer's
review.

However, the scale of revenue reduction in 2023 as a
consequence of market levels, risk reduction by clients
to less remunerated strategies and net outflows in the
Investments business far exceeded the cost savings
achieved, leading to the continuation of an
unsatisfactory ratio of cost to revenues in the
Investments business. Performance in our other two
businesses was good and in line with our expectations
but that good performance was overshadowed by the
unsatisfactory profitability within Investments. As a
consequence, the Board spent the majority of its
meetings in 2023 analysing in detail the shape of the
Investments business against market trends and
determining what actions were necessary and within
our control to rebuild the profitability of the business ona
sustainable basis.

This culminated in the announcement made on

24 January that a more significant reorganisation

and simplification of the business than previously
contemplated was needed to address the ongoing
pressure on revenues from changing patterns of asset
allocation, in particular the greater institutional adoption
of passive and low cost thematic strategies. As
announced, the actions planned throughout 2024 and
2025 are designed to take at least £150m from the cost
base within the Investments business and from
functional costs. Stephen discusses the necessary
actions in more detail in his review.

To build a sustainable business and to grow we need to
invest at the same time and this requires reallocation of
capital resources within abrdn.

During 2023 we completed the disposal of our non-core
stakes in HDFC Life and HDFC Asset Management,
which augmented our capital position by £576m. The
sale of abrdn Capital which was announced alongside
our 2022 results completed in September 2023 at the
agreed price of £140m adding a further £124m to our
capital position. We also completed the sale of our US
private equity and venture capital business in October
and in the same month announced the sale of our
European-headquartered private equity business to
Nasdag-listed Patria Investments. This reshaping of our
footprint and capabilities allowed us to focus on

Annual report 2023 abrdn.com 7

Chairman's statement continued

business areas where we have better growth prospects
and comparative advantage and by reducing
complexity, we are reducing costs.

As promised, we reinvested a portion of the capital
released through the above disposals to fill out gaps in
our Investments business and add technology
capabilities and marketing resources in our Adviser and
ii businesses. In October, we completed the acquisition
of the healthcare fund management capabilities of
Tekla Capital Management bringing into the Group
$2.8bn of funds under management and more
importantly, adding a distinctive capability in listed
healthcare and biotech thematic closed-end funds.
Together with other recent closed-end fund acquisitions
this positions abrdn as the third largest manager of
closed-end funds globally. investment in our Adviser and
ii business during 2023 to build organic growth
opportunities are covered in Stephen's review.

When we reported our results for 2022 we indicated
that our intention was to make a similar return of capital
in 2023 as had been delivered in 2022, dependent on
successful non-core stake realisation and retaining
necessary funds for investment; this we have delivered
through a further buyback of c£300m of shares and
the maintenance of the interim dividend at 7.3p per
share. The Board is recommending to shareholders a
final dividend of 7.3p per share subject to their
approval at the upcoming AGM to bring the total
return to shareholders in respect of 2023 to £567m
(2022: £595m).

We are updating one of our key performance indicators
moving forward, from adjusted capital generation to net
capital generation. This metric more closely aligns with
the dividend paying capability of the Company over the
long term.

Board

As previously announced, both Stephanie Bruce, our
CFO and Brian McBride, a non-executive director did
not seek re-election at the 2023 Annual General
Meeting at which their significant contributions to the
development of abrdn were recognised. We wish them
both well in the next stages of their careers.

In October last year, we welcomed Jason Windsor as
our new CFO. Jason joined from Persimmon ple having
spent the vast majority of his career hitherto in financial
services. His financial industry experience and expertise
were gained notably through 12 years at Aviva, latterly
as Group Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that, he spent
15 years at Morgan Stanley in both London and
Singapore, rising to be a Managing Director within its
Investment Banking Division. Jason has made an
excellent start at abrdn, and we all are looking forward
to working with him more closely in delivering our
strategy.

Catherine Bradley has advised that she will not seek re-
election at the Company's Annual General Meeting on
24 April 2024 and will stand down from that date as a
Non-Executive Director and as Chair of the Audit
Committee. On behalf of the Board and all my
colleagues, | would like to thank Catherine for her
significant contribution to abrdn and our Board and

8 abrdn.com Annuol report 2023

Committee discussions. Earlier this year Catherine took
on the chair of ii, our direct-to-consumer investments
business, and she has concluded she should dedicate
her available time commitment to this responsibility. I'm
delighted she will remain connected with abrdn through
her ii appointment where we will continue to benefit
from her breadth of consumer, financial and regulatory
experience as we continue to grow ii and the critical role
it plays within the Group.

Outlook

Given all current uncertainties, it is hard to form a clear
outlook for 2024 and beyond. Our base case assumes
No major escalation in global inflationary pressures
across the major global economies or an escalation of
geopolitical tensions and assumes policy interest rates in
the US and the UK have peaked. We assume that,
notwithstanding some harsh rhetoric inevitable in an
election year, the US-China mutually beneficial trade
relationship will remain intact. With the US appearing to
be successful in engineering a soft landing after an
aggressive succession of interest rate hikes, upside to
the global economy rests upon the US maintaining its
solid growth trajectory and China resuming its
contribution as a key driver of global growth and as a
major part of the supply chain in the transition to a lower
carbon future. Given other geopolitical tensions, the US-
China relationship remains a top issue in the investment
world. Their shared global economic leadership has led
to an understanding of mutual dependency and
notwithstanding tension over high-end semiconductors
and critical minerals, the resumption of trade dialogues
and senior visits are encouraging for the global
economy. Outlook for the UK and the rest of Europe is
more muted, with it recently being confirmed that the
UK had entered a modest recession; the investment
picture is likely to remain cautious given electoral
uncertainty and the lagging impact of wage increases
and tax changes on consumer confidence.

We enter 2024 with a clear plan of what we need todo
to build a sustainable business with good growth
prospects and an efficient cost structure; our industry is
evolving rapidly as technology enables the offer of ever
more sophisticated tailored investment themes and
solutions at low cost. Proximity to the end consumer and
an understanding of their investment preferences and
the route through which they choose to invest will be
critical. abrdn is well positioned for this evolution in terms
of the mix of our businesses and the talent and financial
resources needed to succeed.

”
Sir Douglas Flint
Chair

[STRATEGICREPORT |

wooup.go €202 uodes jonuuy

11 10} SALUNJOA Bulpo.y PUD SUONdIJOSqns

ul aspesou! UD Bunsoddns souapyjuod JO}S@AU! JO WIN@d
D PUD ‘WasIAPY Pe}OOdLU! aADyY JOY) Seinssesd Buinly
-JO-}S09 84} JO Buispe UD ‘s}USLUSAAU] 0} UABAxo Bulai6
{UO-S|1 0} BAOLU D YUM ‘'UMOP BLUOD O} 11D}S OP $8301
uayM dnos6 ay) ssoioD a6DyUDAPD 8D} 0} PauoN!sod
[]M OS|D 4D BAA APO SSaUISNG SSJEAIP BJO INO

Aq payoBiyiw usaq spy $}8410LU PUD $8}, 0} AYAIISUSS

}@4JDW JepiM ayy PUD

| JOSIAPY U! SJ@LUOYSND PUD $]UBI|D JO SPSOU OU} JSOLU
JOUY S}]UBLUYSEAY] U! SUONNJOS BPOWW-JO}10} BuNO3s39 puDd
syonpoud 18338q UBisep 0} sassauisng usemyeq Buoys
10)0p Buisn ‘sane UDY} ApOINb B40 49094 puDd BuloB

S$] PUDWEP 818Y4M AyUAP! O} B{GO 84D BAM “4OU}O BY}

UO SWUIO} Dj YyJDEeM Bulppe| 3e440W JNO YIM ‘PUDY SUC
@Y} UO SANIIIGOdod JUE}LOO JUEWWSAAU! INO BuRoSsUUOD
‘UO PING 0} WW104}0}d D @ADY MOU 8M ‘PEAY 4OO] 8m SY

u3MoiB 105 ws0j,0)d 7
“ymoi6

BNINy JOy PaUON|sod 48y38q PUD sDeA BulOD ey)
U!JUDM jIIM S]UBI]D SO1AJBS PUD S}ONPOJd By) 0} pauByO

seyag ‘edoospun| JUaWSEAU! LISPOLW BY} 0} PAyINS
48118q S! JOY} |BPOU D 810249 PUD SsseUISNg By} @A|OAS

0] 89Dd yD Pano EADY aM ‘a}D4]SUOWWAP g PUD p seBDd
SD 'SSAJSUJSUON “SOUDWOJ Jad Pa}dOdUuU! AjJO9JIP PUD
'ssesBoud sno pesepuly AjqoyAeu! Soy JOU | ‘pedua}edxe:
BOUIS BADY OM JOLIN) jOoNOdoeb pud dIWOUEe |Oqo|6.
JO |@A9] 84) UBESEI0y BADY PjNOM AUDW JOU 'TZOZ Ul 490q,
A@UsNO[ UONDWIOJSUDJ} INO UO PaxJOGUUS BM UY

“@J0A0 DIWIOUD9 8} YBNO.YY SI@AOP YOIUM ‘|@POLW
SSBUISN PAaYJISIAAIP 1NO JO S}yeUEQ a4} BuLOOSJepUN "I!
PUD JesIApY Ul BWUODU! UO Poy addy $9301 JayBiy yoodw}
Uy SI ApIsdn ay] ‘SSEUISNG S}U@L)SAAL] JNO UI S}D9yjO OY}
8) SADY OM YOY) IQNOP Ou Si B49} 'yZOZ J@AO |DSIBABI

1D S}08dxe MOU }84JDLU BY} BIIYM PUD ‘SESSO}O JeSsO
JsowW UO SiNssaid pauiDysns jnd seiuOUOdS pedojenep
SSOJOD JUBWULOJIAUS 8304 J@HUO} 404 19YBiy, OU} 'EZOZ
ynoyBnosyy -10eA BuiBua|joyo seyyoud Aq peuljepuN
SDM $}S09 UO aNsseid puomUMop BulAjddo enunuoS

0} paeu ay] ‘AyiqoyyOsd WW18}-Gu0] ay01Wdoiddo
yoddns uDd 1D) @SOq ySO9 a|QOUIDISNs @JOW D JO
AMeaayap 84} 830198990 0} EWU. 1BoJd UODUIOjsUDI}
S09 WQST 0 Bulounouun ‘sseooid 104} ul dais }x8U 8Yy
400} 8M 'yZOz JO AsonuUDr Uy ‘ed0/d}ex10WW BuiBuDyp dD ut
Burau) yo ajqodna si jou) AUDdWod jUSWWSeAU! WaPo
D PING 0} UONNOUILUIA8p JNO YM PENUNUOS eAdY aA

Aupdwoo
USWW}SS8AUI
UJOPOUW

b Buipying

M@IABI S,JBDIJJO SANNDSXI JOIUD

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

Our new transformation programme will deliver an
annualised cost reduction of at least £150m by the end
of 2025. Approximately 80% of the cost reduction
benefits will be in our core Investments business. The
programme is targeting the removal of management
layers, increasing spans of control, and reducing
overheads. We will implement this programme with
minimal impact to client service and at all times focusing
on investment performance.

2023 performance

At £249m (2022: £263m), adjusted operating profit is
down 5% on the previous year. While Adviser and ii both
increased profitability, this was more than offset by
falling revenue in Investments where market conditions
had a substantial impact, as seen across the sector.
Overall, we are reporting an IFRS profit for the year of
£12m (2022 restated: loss £546m), this improvement
reflects a reduction in impairment of intangible assets
and restructuring costs.

Our determination to manage our cost base is evident in
a 4% reduction in adjusted operating expenses, even
including a full 12 months of ii (compared to 7 months in
2022). We exceeded our target to remove £75m in cost
from the Investments business, delivering savings of
£102m in the year, and we have since set out plans for a
new transformation programme that will deliver a
material improvement to our cost/income ratio.

As detailed below, we have maintained our disciplined
approach to capital allocation in 2023. Jason outlines
our performance in detail in the Chief Financial Officer's
overview.

Aleaner and more relevant Investments business

After another year of substantial change, we finished
2023 with a leaner, more relevant Investments business.
With the sale of our US Private Equity franchise and
agreement to sell our European Private Equity franchise,
and having continued to deliver on our fund
rationalisation programme wi