§202 S}UNeD90 pud yoda, jonuuy

fuer

dno s}Uew}SeAu| 2g UJDS/A\
Bulppe| s, yn 24} Buipying
onsen 1

!
ZE89BTOS veekiede

At Aberdeen, we believe investing

is about more than numbers - it's about
ambitions, dreams, and the confidence
to shape your future.

Strategic report 1-73 Governance 74-146 Financialinformation 147-298
Highighis end ota gionce 1 BoordelDrectors 77 Independent oudtorsrepor 19
Ghotmarisstatement 7 Gorporote governance stotement 79 Group fnancialsatements 167
‘Ciel Execuive Oficersrevew 1D ‘Avetond Rsk Convites report 31 Company inoncial statements 2s
‘urbvsiness model ond srotegy 14 _ Nomination ond Governonce Tor Sepplementarynfornation 286
Beriorance overview 17 Comemiteereport

—— "= rectors remuneration epert 105 A -

Ourbusinesses 18 ecotepon ae « Other information 299-BC
ape Sa Drector report fy

eee J} Sietementot recto responses as Eutantiy“heependntited oo
S.stcinobity % Geno
Fiskmonogerent a Shareholder information 307
Viobiy statement 7 Forwardookng statement BC

Centon ac

This Annual report and accounts (ARA) 2025 for Aberdeen Group ple, and the Strategic report and financial highights 2025 ore published on our website at www.aberdeenple.com/annualreport
Certain meosures such os adjusted operating profit, adjusted profit before tax, adjusted capital generation and net capital generation are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards
(FRS) andre therefore termed alternative performance measures (APMs). APMs should be read together with the Group's consolidated income staternent, consolidated statement of financicl
position and consolidated statement of cash flows, which are presented in the Group financiol statements section of thisreport Further details on APMSs are included in Supplementary information.

‘See Supplementary information for detoils on ossets under management and administration (AUMA), net flows and the investment performance colculation. Net flows on the highlights page excludes,

liquidity flows as these are volatile ond lower morgin

Strategiereport Governonce Financiolinformation Other information 1

Highlights

Our ambition is to be the UK's leading —*=»s:»swares Fatyoor dvidendper hare

Wealth & Investments group with £264m 14.6p

fast growing direct and advised © £9m _

wealth platforms, and a specialist 2024:8285m 2024:146p

asset manager that has strengths in

areas of market growth. Fs proftbetr tx Not owe xc euiy)
£442m §1.7bn outflow
© £191m © &4.4bn

2024:£251m 2024:£6.1bn outflow

Investment performance! (% of AUM performing)

84% 80%
© 7ppts © 20ppts

|. Details about the calculation of avastment performance ore inckisedin Supplementory information,

Aberdeen Group ple Annus eportend accounts 2025

2

Our business at a glance

We are a Wealth & Investments group focused
on enabling our clients to be better investors.

Wealth platforms

interactive investor (ii)

As the UK's second-largest direct-to-consumer
investment platform by AUA and number one by
net flows! ii offers a self-directedinvesting and
trading platform that enables individuals in the UK to
plan, save and investin the way that works for them.

Adviser

(Our Adviser business, the UK's third-largest advised
platform by AUA? provides financial planning
solutions and technology for Uk financial advisers
which enables them to create value for their
businesses and their clients.

Specialist asset manager

Investments

Our capabilities in our investments business are
built on the strength of our insight - generated
from wide-ranging research, worldwide
investment expertise and local market knowledge.

Adjusted Contr uma Adjusted Notpromoter  AUMA Adjusted investment aust
‘operatingprofit — AUMAratio® ‘operating profit. score operatingprofit —_performance®
£155m 18bps £97.5bn £86m +45 £80.4bn £64m 80% £390.4bn
2026: E116m ——_-2024:19ps 2024:§775bn 2026:$126m 202434 2024:§75.20n 2028:$61m 2024: 60% 2028:£369.76n
FY26 targets FY26 target FY27 target FY26 targets
Customer Cost Not promoter score Net 2-yearhwvestment usted

‘AUMA ratio? (Average tor FY26) inflows! performance Ci

8%pa. _<18bps

Readmore onpage 19

1. Source: Fundscope, Direct Matters @4 2025 report

2 Excludes the finoncial planning business (sale completed Jan 2026)

‘erdoen Group ple Aruelreportondaccounts 2025"

>+40° >£1bn

Reodmere onpoge26

3. Source:Fundscope, The Platform Report 03 2025, ondlotest
Cvaloble peer company information Excludes Curtis Bonks AUA
4. Now torgeting return tonetinflowsin FY26 ond »Elbn in FY27,

>70% 100m

Readmereonpoye29

5. %of AUMperforrning over 3 years

From novice to rath citar obensten Gokedooneble
expert, individual

to institution, pepe toccasthe
every day we ve
work to help Provigo
millions of people Changwon
turn their financial ———
goals into reality. vesting

constructively
inrealassets

clients to be better investors.

In 2025, each of our businesses launched new products, services, and training to broaden accessibility

and provide investing confidence:

Atinteractive investor, we built on the
success of our 2024 Managed ISA by
launching our Managed Pension in
November. Our managed products match
customers with portfolios aligned to a risk~
level they are comfortable with, helping
time-poor or lower-confidence investors.
save towards their long-term goals,
without needing to spend hours
researching investments themselves.
More on page 22.

Enabling more
people to access
the power of
investing

Aberdeen Groupe Annus eportand accounts 2025

‘At Adviser, we are ensuring that
vulnerable customers suffering from
disabilty, bereavement, or simply alack of
financial education, can get the help and
support they need to receive better
financial outcomes. Throughout 2025, we
delivered dedicated training across our
Engagement Team enabiing them to
better support vulnerable customers. Of
the over 25,000 monthly customer
interactions handled by our Engagement
Team in 2025, we routinely identified and
engaged with over 200 vulnerable
customers and ensured they received a
more personalised service.

‘Acommon barrier to entry for investorsis
the belef that a large initial savings pot is
needed. In February, Investments took on
the challenge of helping to make investing
more accessible in Singapore. Working in
partnership with leading digital bank, Trust
Bank, we helped to launch Trustinvest, a
retail investing solution offering five risk-
weighted funds, created and managed by
‘Aberdeen. With no platform or sales fees,
‘and a minimum investment of 100
Singapore dollars (less than £60),
Trustinvest aims to make investing
‘radically simple’ for Trust Bank’s over

‘one million customers.

‘More on page 31.

Stratogicraport Governance

Providing the tools
and insight to
navigate an ever-
changing world

Finoncialinformation

ther information 5

Markets move quickly, and so does the world around us. Aberdeen works to cut through short-
term noise, and brings the solutions and perspectives needed to help investors focus on what truly

matters for the long term:

Having worked to broaden its product
range for lower-confidence investors
through its managed products and ii
Community, interactive investor hos
developed an advanced tool for
sophisticated investors. Soft launched in
2025, with fullroll-out to approved users,
expectedin the first half of 2026, i 360
provides users with access toa wider
range of instruments and enhanced
market data copobilties to deliver astate-
of-the-art trading experience.

More on page 2.

Agoinst the backdrop of an increasingly
complex tax landscape, and ahead of the
UK's Autumn Budget, our Adviser business
delivered IFA-focused research through its
Techzone knowledge hub, which was
Visited over one million times in 2025, Prior
to the Budget our technical consultancy
team released a comprehensive guide to
Estate Planning with Trusts’on Techzone,
with the associated webinar watched live
by over 1,000 IFAs.

(Our investments business has been along-
terrr investor in private markets since 1973,
predominately working with institutional
clients. Our scale and heritage in the
markethas given us the insight that retail
investors may be underserved by investing
in puslic markets alone. In October, we set
out adetailed white paper on how to better
democratise private markets and make
therr work for public good.

Moro at www.aberdeenplc.com/annuaireport

Aberdaen Groupe enlreportond accounts 2025

Investing is about much more than numbers on a screen. When done wi

investing doesn’t just

build wealth; it builds infrastructure, businesses, and homes. Across the Group, we are working to
deliver and democratise private market opportunities:

(One of the most accessible ways for
retoilinvestors to gain exposure to private
companiesis through investment trusts.
interactive investor's customers increased
their holdingsin investment trusts toa
record £15bn by the end of 2025,
compared to £13.5bn at the end of 2024,
This includes holdings in the 12 UK
investment trusts managed by Aberdeen
Investments. i's customers aiso benefit
fromin-app voting tools, and, with over
80% of investors opted-in to voting
through the app, we have made it easier
than ever for retailinvestors to have their
say on the direction of these trusts.

Investin

In April2025, the Slivertown Tunnel
‘opened, connecting Silvertownin East
London to the Greenwich Peninsula. A
fund managed by Aberdeen Investments
is the largest shareholder in the
consortium whichis expected to operate
the tunnel until at least 2050. This project is
asstrong example of how private finance
con support infrastructure development
that benefits both investors and local
communities. The project was also
historically significant, with Silvertown
being the first road tunnel drilled under the
Thamesin 60 years.

constructively
in real assets

Aberdeen Group ple Aruaeport ond occounts 2025

InDecember 2025, Aberdeen
‘announced a landmark deal to take on
‘Stagecoach Group's Defined Benefit
(0B) pension scheme. Following the
‘agreement, Investments now manages
the scheme and, as with Aberdeen
Group's own DB scheme, will allocate a
portion to private markets. These
investments into infrastructure and real
estate will align with Aberdeen's
significant real assets capabilities, and
the UK Government's goal of making
pension capital work harder for the
economy.

Chairman's statement
Sir Douglas Flint, Chair

Building on stronger

foundations

We're helping our customers and clients to meet
their objectives in uncertain times.

Strotegirepert Governance _-Financialinformation ther information 7

We made good progress in 2028 in building
on the evident strengths within allthree of
our Wealth and investment businesses.
There was astandout performance from
interactive investor, which delivered record
annual growth in both customer numbers
‘and fundiinflows, leading its market
segmentin terms of net flows, Four years
after we announced the acquisition of iit
has surpassed comfortably the financial
return metrics contained within our
‘acquisition business case,

The investments we made last year to
improve price competitiveness and
customer experience in our Adviser
business attracted external recognition in
the business's ratings and contributed to
improved flows performance. Most
important to future flows, we successfully
launched the Aberdeen SIPP in December
2025, which has attracted strong interest
from our customer base andreflects many
months of complex technology upgrades.
tomake the launch possible. These are
welcome steps forward although more
work remains to restore Adviser to growth.

Within our investments business, while
steps to achieve further progress continue,
we delivered some notable award-winning
fund performances within our Asian
focused funds range and in global
‘emerging marketsincome funds, as
investor appetite returned to these
investment markets and rebalonced away
somewhat from US equity markets, with
the exception of Al-related stocks.

Investment performance improved
although there continues to be more to do.

Finally, we completed the second phase of
business transformation, focused on
strengthening and streamlining the Group's
operations, andin so doing, exceeded the
£150 millon of savings we targeted.

Joson covers business performance in
greater detailinhis Chief Executive's
review.

Investment environment and trends
Economically, it has been a turbulent year
inmony respects. Against abackdrop of
continued military conflicts and geopolitical
uncertainties, with both established rivarries
and traditional alliances facing punitive and
erratic trade toriffs and export restrictions,
financial markets were surprisingly resilient.
Equity markets performed strongly and
importantly for Aberdeen, Emerging
Markets, Asia Pacific, the UK and Europe ex
Uk all outperformed the US market for the
first time in many years". This change in
investor appetite supportedrevenue
generation in our Investments business.

‘typically, with equity markets performing
strongly, gold hit all-time highs, significantly
‘outperforming global stocks as central
banks diversified their reserve holdings ond
retoilinvestors, nervous of US equity market
levels and dollar weakness, sought a
defensive counterweight. Aberdeen's Gold
ETF, launched in 2009 with total assets of
US$10m, closed 2025 with total assetsin
excess of US$7on.

1. Moosuredin GBP.

Aberduon Groupe Arnclreport ondaccount 2025

Chairman's statement continued

This divergence between defensive and
bullish sentiment in retail markets drove
exceptional trading volumes into our retail
platform business, interactive investor,
which contributed to another record year
in terms both of customer growth and
profitability as noted above.

Positive flow trendsin both interactive
investor and our Adviser business were
impacted by customers extracting a
portion of their funds in the months running
up to the UK Budget in November, due to
uncertainties around possible tax changes.
‘We welcomed the clarifications made
‘head of the Budget that slowed these
‘outflows, in large part as we have been
warning consistently of the looming
retirement difficulties likely tobe faced by
retirees with modest savings pots who do
not benefit from the protection of defined
benefit pension orrangements.

We welcomed the many statements made
by the Government throughout 2025
around supporting the development of a
more active retailinvestment culture in the
UK and, specifically, encouraging more
retailinvestment into savings and
investment products, ideally focused on UK
octivities. We contributed extensively to our
regulator's several consultations cimed at
boosting UKinvestment culture safely, while
‘expanding qualifying consumers’ access
into investments with higher risk-adjusted
return characteristics. We believe this con
be done safely, in part due to the planned
‘opening up of what can be delivered in
terms of ‘targeted support. Thisis on

Averdaon Group pe revskeportond account 2025,

overdue regulatory change designed to
enable retail investors to make important
decisions cround their savings and
retirement planning with much greater
confidence In the meantime, interactive
investor is taking forward the roll out of a
simplified digital advice service focused,
initiolly on pensions and retirement.

Capital strength provides

ies to reshape our
businesses for the future
Our capital generation and balance sheet
strength underpin our abilty both to
support dividend flows ond enable
inorganic investment to enhance future
growth prospects and reshape our
businesses tobe fit for the future. Our clear
strategy, together with effective business
and process transformation, have reduced
regulatory copitalrequirements, giving us
further capacity to investin our businesses.

(One of the Board's core responsibilities is
‘round capital allocation and importantly
toensure a proper balance betweennear-
term opportunities ond those with exciting
potential further in the future. Let me draw
out two decisions in 2025 to illustrate the
point,

For the near term we allocated funds to
support amore data-centric organisation,
‘enhancing security and dota protection
while at the same time supporting the roll
out of Al tools thot will support productivity
and revenue generation. In terms of new
ctivity, we allocated capital to take on
responsibility, os sponsoring employer, for
the defined benefit pension scheme of the

‘Stagecoach Group, described as a
‘Jondmork transaction’ in actuarial
communities.

We also refined the breadth of our service
propositions, releasing capital to investin
areas with better growth prospects and,
synergy with our core platforms, Notable
was the sale of our face-to-face financial
planning business, which was followed by
the launch of i's digital retirement planning
service noted above.

Board matters

We were deeply saddened by the sudden
and untimely passing of Mike OBrien on
May 24 last year. Mike, who joined the
Board in June 2022, brought extensive and
detciled industry knowledge, contributed
with possion andintellect to Boord
discussions ond whose collegiality, warmth
cof personality and good humour are sorely
missed. Our thoughts go out to his family
for whom the losis much greater.

Asset out in lost yeor's annual report, we
formally welcomed Siobhan Boylan os our
Chief Financial Officer in July 2025. Siobhan
hos made an excellent start within the
Group andis also representing Aberdeen
on the Board of Standard Life ple (formerly
Phoenix).

‘As part of our continuous review of Board
performance and governance, we took
steps during 2025 to simplify Board,
‘oversight of financial matters by combining
the Audit Committee ond the Risk and
Capital Committee under the
chairmanship of Vivek Ahuja. This change

took place in October andis working welt,
given its expanded agende, Jonathan
Asquith was added to the committee,
which is greatly benefiting from his
experience. The details of our 2025,
externol Board performance review are set
outin the corporate governance
statement on page 101.

For my own part, |willstep down as
Cheirman andas a director at the
conclusion of our Board meeting in Apri,
ahead of the AGM the following day. Thisis
inline with the statement made at last
year's AGM It has been an enormous
privilege to serve os Chairman of Aberdeen
for over seven yeors, and willleave with
extraordinarily fond memories and pride at
what very talented management teams,
together with their colleagues, have
‘achieved to reshape this group for the
future. The process to appoint my
successors ongoing

Finally, in ine with previous guidance, the
Boardis recommending a final dividend of
7.3p per share taking the total for the year
10.14.6p per share, in line with the prior year.
The proposed final dividend willbe put to
shareholders at the upcoming AGM. The
full-year dividend was 1.24x covered by
adjusted copital generation in the year
(2024:1.18x).

Chairman's statement continued

Looking forward

2026 opened with continuing geopoitical
‘events of potentially huge significance,
many unprecedented. As a backdrop to
investing, this may be about as complex os
it could be and combined with concern
cover elements of private credit, possible
asset bubblesin technology stocks,
2articularly Aland continuing toritf
.mposition unpredictability, there is a great
deal to factor into investment decision-
making,

Markets, however, have remained resilient
‘and as an active manager we have the
ability to take distinctive positions outside of
consensus. There is more interest in
investing in non-US markets, whichis good
for Aberdeen and our distinctive history
ond expertise in Asian and emerging
markets offers clients important insights as
tney chart their future investment
strategies. The unpredictability of further
geopolitical events prompts trading activity
from whichii benefits asit olso does from
crowing flows into its self-directed
investment platform as individuals take
more personal responsibilty for their
retirement planning and seek toreduce the
casts of management of their money.

Vie have started 2026 positively and, while
uncertainty is a given, we have the
capabilities within the organisation to
Navigate the uncertainties well for the
benefit of those who entrust their funds to
us for management or administration,

Stretogiropert Governance Finoncilinformation Otherinformation 9

Iwant to close by thanking all my
colleagues for their efforts in 2025, or their
support and for their commitment to
continue building Aberdeen’s success in
2026 and beyond,

‘ enfen A

Sir Douglas Flint
Chair

‘Our distinctive history and expertsein Asion and emerging
_morkets offers clentsimportant insights as they chart ther
{future inwestment strategies In 2025 we celebrated key
pportnerships and milestones across Asia.including
Celebrating 20 years in Malaysia the grandre-opening of ur
Hong Kong office, and our annual APAC Inuestment Forum,

Aberdeen Group pe Anclreport ond accounts 2025

10

Chief Executive Officer's review
Jason Windsor, Chief Executive Officer

Growing in Wealth,
repositioning Investments

We established good momentum in 2025,

creating a simpler, more efficient business. We are
now looking ahead with clear opportunities to drive
sustainable, profitable growth.

Averden Group ple Arnuctreport ond accounts 2025

Looking back, lam encouraged by the
progress we are making against our
strategy. Our efforts over the last 12
months mean that the business now in
much better shape as we pursue our
‘ambition to be the UK's leading Wealth &
Investments group.

In 2025, we delveredincreased adjusted
‘operating profit of £264m (2024: £255m)
supported by avery strong performance
byinteractive investor (i). We surpassed,
‘our transformation target, delivering
£180m of annualised cost savings since the
programme was launched in early 2024,
‘and we continue to embed a culture of
efficiency across the business.

We have two leading businesses in the
fast-growing UK wealth sector, and amore
efficient Investments business thats,
focused on creas of real strength. Through
a year of transition, we have taken critical
steps toward improved profitability and
growth.

‘Aberdeen has the privilege of working
every day to help milions of people turn
their financial goals into reality. | would like
to thank my colleagues for their

commitment, and our customers, cents
‘and wider stakeholders for their ongoing
support and partnership.

Progress on our strategy

As part of our strategy update last March,
I highlighted transforming performance,
improving client experience, and
strengthening talent and culture as our
Group priorities. |also laid out strategic
objectives for each of our businesses.

‘We have seen progress since then,
though we stillhave more to do.

Ininteractive investor we have delivered
strong customer and profit growth while
‘expanding our differentiated proposition
‘ondinvesting in the ii brand. Adviser has
made progress towards areturn tonet
inflows. We are not yet where we want to.
be, but we have seen an improvementin
client service and launched the Aberdeen
SIPP. In Investments, we have delivered
greater efficiency and focus, and better
investment performance in most asset
classes, whichis laying the pathway to
growth

We have taken steps to simplify the
business and reduce drags on profitability,

“Our efforts over the last 12 months mean the business
is now in much better shape, as we pursue our
ambition to be the UK's leading Wealth & Investments

group."