Disclaimer* Corpus Resources PLC 21 April 2026 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MAR"). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Corpus Resources Plc (" Corpus " or the " Company ") Delay in Publication of Annual Report and Accounts Expected Temporary Suspension 21 April 2026 Corpus Resources plc (LSE: COR) announces that it will not be in a position to publish its audited annual report and accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 by 30 April 2026. The audit process remains ongoing and requires additional time to be completed and finalised. In accordance with the applicable Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Company is required to publish its annual financial report within four months of its financial year-end. As the Company will not meet this deadline, the Company expects that the listing of its ordinary shares will be temporarily suspended and that trading in its ordinary shares on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange will be suspended, with effect from 1 May 2026, pending publication of the audited annual report and accounts. The Company currently expects to publish its audited annual report and accounts by the end of June 2026 and will provide further updates to the market as appropriate. The temporary suspension is expected to be lifted following publication of the audited annual report and accounts, when the Company will request a restoration of the listing of its ordinary shares. The Board regrets the delay in publication and appreciates shareholders' continued patience and support. For further information, please contact: Corpus Resources Plc Richard Glass, Non-Executive Chairman info@corpusresources.com www.corpusresources.com AlbR Capital Limited, Corporate Broker 020 7469 0936 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Corpus Resources Plc (COR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and