Disclaimer* Corpus Resources PLC 12 August 2026 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MAR"). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Corpus Resources Plc (" Corpus " or the " Company ") Notice of Annual General Meeting 12 August 2026 Corpus Resources Plc (LSE: COR) announces that a Notice of Annual General Meeting ("AGM") will be published and posted today to the Company's shareholders. The AGM will be held at the offices of AlbR Capital Limited, 3rd Floor, 80 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6EE on Friday, 4 September 2026 at 9.00 a.m. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to complete and submit their Form of Proxy in advance of the meeting, appointing the Chairman of the meeting as their proxy, to ensure that their votes are registered. A copy of the Notice of AGM, Form of Proxy and other relevant documents are available on the Company's website at www.corpusresources.com . For further information, please contact: Corpus Resources Plc Richard Glass, Non-Executive Chairman info@corpusresources.com www.corpusresources.com AlbR Capital Limited, Corporate Broker Tel: 020 7469 0936 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Corpus Resources Plc (COR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and