Board Changes, PDMR Dealing & TR1 Notification Curzon Energy PLC 20 September 2024 20 September 2024 Curzon Energy Plc ("Curzon" or the "Company") Board Update, PDMR Dealing & TR-1 Curzon Energy Plc (LSE: CZN) announces that further to the announcement of 19 August 2024, the Company confirms that Mr. Paul Forrest and Mr. Richard Glass have joined the board with immediate effect. Simultaneously, the Company confirms that Mr. John McGoldrick has resigned as Non-Executive Chairman, and Mr. Scott Kaintz has resigned as an Executive Director. Mr. Scott Kaintz has subsequently been appointed as a Non-Executive Director. Richard Glass, Non-Executive Chairman comments: "We extend our gratitude to John for his perseverance in navigating Curzon Energy through a challenging phase and setting a strong foundation for future growth. The recent board changes represent early steps in shaping the Company's next chapter, and we look forward to sharing more updates on our strategic direction and growth plans in due course." The Board of the Company will therefore consist of: Executive Director: Mr. Paul Forrest - Executive Director Non-Executive Directors: Mr. Richard Glass - Non-Executive Chairman Mr. Scott Kaintz - Non-Executive Director Paul Forrest, Executive Director, age 54 Current Directorships Non-current directorships (past 5 years) Forum Energy Services Limited (FES) Conceptual Build Limited Saltfleetby Energy Limited Forrest Accounting Limited Saltfleetby Energy Europe Limited Viridis Holdings UK Limited PXOG Massey Limited Angus Energy Plc Forrest Kolebuk Development SPÓŁKA Z The Orwell Group Limited OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ Anglo African Oil & Gas Plc Richard Glass, Non-Executive Director, age 47 Current Directorships Non-current directorships (past 5 years) AtDeuce Fund (Pty) Ltd AtCommerce Investments (Pty) Ltd Atlantis Fund (Pty) Ltd Protea Village Development Company (Pty) Ltd Atlantis Fund Investments One (Pty) Ltd AtNeat Investments (Pty) Ltd Atlantis Partners (Pty) Ltd Broadiss (Pty) Ltd Atlas Park Holdings (Pty) Ltd Frequentsee NPC Bethel Partners (Pty) Ltd Fynbosland 301 CC Glasshouse Investment Holdings (Pty) Ltd Glasshouse Developments (Pty) Ltd Richmond Park Development Company (Pty) Ltd Richmond Park Investment (Pty) Ltd Skypark Capital (Pty) Ltd Current Director shareholdings are as follows: Directors Ordinary Shares Total Shares % of Issued Share Capital Warrants Options Direct Indirect Paul Forrest 166,666,700 Nil 166,666,700 13.52% Nil Nil Richard Glass Nil Nil Nil 0.00% Nil Nil Scott Kaintz Nil 949,367 949,367 0.08% Nil Nil For further information please contact: Curzon Energy Plc Paul Forrest / Richard Glass development@curzonenergy.com www.curzonenergy.com Peterhouse Capital Limited (Corporate Broker) +44 (0)20 75690930 TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS 1a. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer of existing shares to which voting rights are attached ii : CURZON ENERGY PLC 1b. Please indicate if the issuer is a non-UK issuer (please mark with an "X" if appropriate) Non-UK issuer 2. Reason for the notification (please mark the appropriate box or boxes with an "X") An acquisition or disposal of voting rights x An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments An event changing the breakdown of voting rights Other (please specify) iii : 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation iv Name Paul Forrest City and country of registered office (if applicable) Isleworth, UK 4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.) v Name City and country of registered office (if applicable) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached vi : 18/09/2024 6. Date on which issuer notified (DD/MM/YYYY): 18/09/2024 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8. A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights of issuer vii Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 13.52% 13.52% 166 , 666 , 700 Position of previous notification (if applicable) 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached viii A: Voting rights attached to shares Class/type of shares ISIN code (if possible) Number of voting rights ix % of voting rights Direct (Art 9 of Directive 2004/109/EC) (DTR5.1) Indirect (Art 10 of Directive 2004/109/EC) (DTR5.2.1) Direct (Art 9 of Directive 2004/109/EC) (DTR5.1) Indirect (Art 10 of Directive 2004/109/EC) (DTR5.2.1) GB00BD97ND60 166 , 666 , 700 13.52% SUBTOTAL 8. A 166 , 666 , 700 13.52% B 1: Financial Instruments according to Art. 13(1)(a) of Directive 2004/109/EC (DTR5.3.1.1 (a)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date x Exercise/ Conversion Period xi Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted. % of voting rights SUBTOTAL 8. B 1 B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to Art. 13(1)(b) of Directive 2004/109/EC (DTR5.3.1.1 (b)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date x Exercise/ Conversion Period xi Physical or cash settlement xii Number of voting rights % of voting rights SUBTOTAL 8.B.2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation (please mark the applicable box with an "X") Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer xiii X Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity xiv (please add additional rows as necessary) Name xv % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Paul Forrest 13.52% 13.52% 10. In case of proxy voting, please identify: Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional information xvi Place of completion UNITED KINGDOM Date of completion 19/09/2024 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Paul Forrest 2 Reason for the notification For persons discharging managerial responsibilities: - The position occupied within the issuer or emission allowance market participant should be indicated e.g. CEO, CFO. For persons closely associated with: - An indication that the notification concerns a person closely associated with a person discharging managerial responsibilities; - Name and position of the relevant person discharging managerial responsibilities a) Position/status Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer, or auction monitor a) Name Curzon Energy Plc b) LEI GB00BD97ND60 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 0.01 pence each in Curzon Energy Plc Identification code GB00BD97ND60 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares via placing c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.0003 166,666,700 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 166,666,700 - Price £0.0003 e) Date of the transaction 2024-09-18 f) Place of the transaction UNITED KINGDOM 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Scott Kaintz 2 Reason for the notification For persons discharging managerial responsibilities: - The position occupied within the issuer or emission allowance market participant should be indicated e.g. CEO, CFO. For persons closely associated with: - An indication that the notification concerns a person closely associated with a person discharging managerial responsibilities; - Name and position of the relevant person discharging managerial responsibilities a) Position/status Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer, or auction monitor a) Name Curzon Energy Plc b) LEI GB00BD97ND60 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 0.01 pence each in Curzon Energy Plc Identification code GB00BD97ND60 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares via placing c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.0003 966,667,200 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 966,667,200 - Price £0.0003 e) Date of the transaction 2024-09-18 f) Place of the transaction UNITED KINGDOM This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Corpus Resources Plc (COR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and