Corporate Update Curzon Energy PLC 03 June 2024 3 June 2024 Curzon Energy Plc ("Curzon" or the "Company") Corporate Update Further to the announcement on 1 May 2024, regarding the proposed restructuring, the Company was able to reach an agreement with all but one of the Company's major creditors and therefore, will not be able to proceed with the current proposal as the proposal required all major creditors to agree. Accordingly, the Company announces that Antony Batty of Antony Batty & Company LLP ("Antony Batty" or the "Practitioner") has been appointed to assist the Board in a Company Voluntary Arrangement (the "CVA"). Antony Batty is now evaluating the Company's position to achieve the best possible recovery for the Company's creditors. Discussions between the Practitioner, the Directors and key stakeholders are underway, and the Directors of Curzon will continue to look for ways to extract value and seek out options for the future of the Company. In the event that the CVA is not approved by either shareholders or creditors, the Company will be put into liquidation. For further information please contact: Curzon Energy Plc Scott Kaintz Development@curzonenergy.com Peterhouse Capital Limited (Corporate Broker) 020 7496 0936 / 020 7220 9797 www.curzonenergy.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Corpus Resources Plc (COR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and