Change of Name Curzon Energy PLC 29 October 2024 Curzon Energy Plc ("Curzon" or the "Company") Change of Name to Corpus Resources Plc 29 October 2024 Curzon Energy Plc (LSE: CZN) announces that further to the General Meeting, held on 5 September 2024, at which the Resolution 5, to approve the Company name change to Corpus Resources Plc, has been passed by the shareholders, the Company's name has now been changed by the Companies House and accordingly the Company's name is now Corpus Resources Plc. The Company's new name of Corpus Resources Plc and the new TIDM of COR (previously CZN) will be reflected by London Stock Exchange on 30 October 2024 at 8:00am. The Company's ISIN GB00BD97ND60 and SEDOL BD97ND6 remain unchanged. Shareholders should note that their shareholdings will be unaffected by the change of name and existing share certificates should be retained as they will remain valid for all purposes and no new share certificates will be issued. To reflect the Company's new name, the Company's website has been changed to http://www.corpusresources.com . For further information, please contact: Curzon Energy Plc Paul Forrest/Richard Glass info@corpusresources.com www.corpusresources.com Peterhouse Capital Limited (Corporate Broker) +44 (0) 2075690930 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Corpus Resources Plc (COR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and