Annual Financial Report Curzon Energy PLC 09 September 2024 9 September 2024 Curzon Energy Plc ("Curzon" or the "Company") Results for the Year Ended 31 December 2023 Curzon Energy Plc (LON:CZN), ("Curzon" or the "Company"), the London Stock Exchange listed company, announces its full year audited results for the year ended 31 December 2023. A copy of the Company's annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, extracts of which are set out below, will be made available on the Company's website www.curzonenergy.com shortly. Curzon further announces that a Notice of Annual General Meeting ("AGM") will be posted to shareholders, along with the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, on or around Friday 13 September 2024. The Company will be holding its AGM at Peterhouse Capital Limited, 3 rd Floor, 80 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6EE on Tuesday 8 October 2024 at 1.00 pm, the details of which are explained in the Notice of AGM, which will be also available on the Company's website www.curzonenergy.com shortly. For further information please contact: Curzon Energy Plc Scott Kaintz Development@curzonenergy.com www.curzonenergy.com Peterhouse Capital Limited (Corporate Broker) +44 (0)20 75690930 Chairman's Statement I present the annual report for Curzon Energy Plc (the "Company"), covering its results for the year to 31 December 2023. ​ Period in Review During the course of 2023, the Company primarily focused its efforts on completing a potential reverse takeover transaction ("RTO") with Technology Metals Market Ltd ("TM2"). Formal exclusivity with TM2 subsequently lapsed in May 2023. Thereafter the Company spent time conducting due diligence and negotiations with a number of other potential RTO candidates including helium and copper projects, none of which were advanced beyond the term-sheet stage. ​ Results For the period ended 31 December 2023, the Group incurred a loss of US$916,592 (2022: loss of US$467,793 ). The majority of this loss comprised expenditures on RTO due diligence, finance expenses and required listing and regulatory overheads. Overall administrative expenses were broadly flat during the period at US$571,548 in 2023 (2022: US $509,358 ) and finance expenses fell slightly to US$163,705 (2022: US$191,735 ) reflecting the ongoing costs of funding the business. ​ Outlook Following the year end, the Company engaged Peterhouse Capital Ltd as its broker to assist with a Company Voluntary Arrangement ("CVA") to restructure the Company's debts, a crucial part of which, includes raising additional funding. Completion of this effort allows the Company to manage the legacy obligations of several incomplete RTO efforts into a sustainable form, and puts the Company in a financial position allowing it the opportunity to prosper, as well as facilitating the resumption of trading of the Company's shares. The expectation is that the Board of Curzon will be strengthened to further increase its ability to execute a targeted transaction. An announcement to this effect was released on 19 August 2024, with two new incoming Directors, Mr. Paul Forest, and Mr. Richard Glass now set to join the Board. The CVA was passed by the Company creditors and shareholders at two meetings held in succession on 5 September 2024. The passage of the CVA and the resolutions of the GM provide a solid foundation for the incoming Directors to build upon to the benefit of all stakeholders. The revised Board will now work closely with Peterhouse in order to identify a suitable transaction of sufficient size to meet the recent London Stock Exchange rule changes, that outline that any new RTO must be larger than £30m upon completion and relisting. ​ We thank all investors and stakeholders for their patience and support during this extended period of transition and we look forward to the Company moving on from a difficult time to a much brighter future. John McGoldrick Non-Executive Chairman 06 September 2024 Strategic Report Financial Results The Group loss for the year to 31 December 2023 was US$916,592 (2022: US$467,793). There were no revenues and the majority of this loss related to administrative, listing, finance and transaction costs. The loss per share was US$0.007 (2022: loss per share US$0.007). The Group currently has no source of revenue and is reliant on equity funding and loans to continue to meet its overhead expenditures. The Group held cash balances of US$738 as at 31 December 2023. The Directors note that the Group will need additional funding to continue operations for the foreseeable future and that this means there is a material uncertainty as to the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. The Directors are confident however that the Group will be able to raise, as required, sufficient cash to enable it to continue its operations and to continue to meet, as and when they fall due, its liabilities for at least the next twelve months from the date of approval of the Group financial statements. The Group financial statements have, therefore, been prepared on the going concern basis. The Group has 2 members of staff (including Directors). ​ Principal Activities The Company was incorporated in England and Wales on 29 January 2016 and is currently considered a standard listing (transition) category Company by the Financial Conduct Authority under the revised listing rules. ​ The Group's business is operated through the United Kingdom and is focused on identifying and acquiring a new business in a promising sector. ​ Review of the Business ​ On 18 April 2023, the Company announced that it had executed a letter of intent with Technology Metals Market Limited ("TM2") to acquire a 100% interest in a designated mining company via a potential reverse takeover. TM2 subsequently terminated this agreement in May 2023. After the period, the Company began the process of a CVA ("Company Voluntary Arrangement") in order to shed its historic RTO related obligations and prepare it for a future transaction. The CVA was concluded on 5 September 2024 and will shortly be accompanied by a fundraising of £340,000 and two new Directors joining the Board. ​ Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) As the Company is currently focused on restructuring its balance sheet, the Directors take the view that KPIs would not provide materially useful information to investors at this time. As the business develops further, the addition of KPIs will be considered and added as appropriate. ​ Principal Risks and Risk Management As the Company is currently restructuring its balance sheet, the primary risk to the business during this period is going concern risk and a potential inability to fund the business through this transition. ​ The Company's Risk Mitigation Strategies Include the Following: ▪ Utilising the Directors' experience in fundraising to maintain a balance of funding sources during the period of transition; ▪ Managing the Company's existing debt positions, keeping all stakeholders up to date and informed as to progress of the transaction; ▪ Judicious use of capital and cost control during the transition. Corporate Responsibility The Company takes its responsibilities as a corporate citizen seriously. The Board's primary goal is to create shareholder value in a responsible way, which serves all stakeholders. ​ Section 172 Statement Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires Directors to take into consideration the interests of stakeholders in their decision making. The Directors continue to have regard to the interests of the Company's employees and other stakeholders, including the impact of its activities on the community, the environment and the Company's reputation, when making decisions. Acting in good faith and fairly between members, the Directors consider what is most likely to promote the success of the Company for its members in the long term. The Directors are fully aware of their responsibilities to promote the success of the Company in accordance with section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. The Board regularly reviews our principal stakeholders and how we engage with them. The stakeholder voice is brought into the boardroom throughout the annual cycle through information provided by management and also by direct engagement with stakeholders themselves. The relevance of each stakeholder group may increase or decrease depending on the matter or issue in question, so the Board seeks to consider the needs and priorities of each stakeholder group during its discussions and as part of its decision making. The Board welcomes the opportunity to engage with our shareholders and with the capital markets more generally. The Board achieves this through dialogue with shareholders, prospective shareholders and capital markets participants, including corporate brokers. Feedback from any such meetings or calls would be shared with all Board members. Investors, prospective investors and analysts can contact the Executive Director as well as access information on our corporate website. The Board believes that appropriate steps have been taken during the year so that all members of the Board, and in particular the non-executive Directors, have an understanding of the views of major shareholders. Governance The Board considers sound governance as a critical component of the Company's success and the highest priority. The Company has an effective and engaged Board, with a strong non-executive presence. Analysis by Gender Category Male Female Directors 2 0 Senior Managers 0 0 Other Employees 0 0 Diversity and Inclusion The Company does not discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, nationality, ethnic or racial origin, non-job-related-disability, sexual orientation or marital status. The Board does not support discrimination of any form, positive or negative, and all appointments are based solely on merit. Health and Safety The Company has a Health and Safety at Work policy, which is reviewed regularly by the Board and is committed to the health and safety of its employees and others, who may be affected by the Company's activities. The health and safety procedures used by the Company ensure compliance with all applicable legal, environmental and regulatory requirements as well as its own internal standards. ​ Outlook Following the completion of the CVA on 5 September 2024, the new Directors joining the Board, and a full clean-up of the Company's historic balance sheet, the Company will now have a solid foundation upon which the incoming Directors can then build. ​ Signed by order of the Board, ​ ​ John McGoldrick Non-Executive Chairman 6 September 2024 Directors' Report The Directors present their report on the Company, together with the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023. ​ Cautionary Statement The review of the business and its future development in the Strategic Report has been prepared solely to provide additional information to shareholders to assess the Company's strategies and the potential for these strategies to succeed. It should not be relied on by any other party for any other purpose. The review contains forward looking statements, which are made by the Directors in good faith based on information available to them up to the time of the approval of the reports and should be treated with caution due to the inherent uncertainties associated with such statements. ​ Results and Dividends Given the nature of the business and its development strategy, it is unlikely that the Board will recommend a dividend in the next few years. The Directors believe the Company should seek to re-invest any profits to fund the Company's growth strategy over the short- and medium-term horizons. ​ Directors' Insurance and Indemnities The Directors have the benefit of the indemnity provisions, contained in the Company's Articles of Association ('Articles'), and the Company has maintained throughout the year Directors' and officers' liability insurance for the benefit of the Company, the Directors and its officers. The Company has entered into qualifying third-party indemnity arrangements for the benefit of all its Directors in a form and scope, which comply with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, and which were in force throughout the year and remain in force. ​ Business Review and Future Developments Details of the business activities and developments made during the period can be found in the Strategic Report and in note 1 to the Financial Statements respectively. ​ Financial Instruments and Risk Management Disclosures regarding financial instruments are provided within note 20 to the Financial Statements. ​ Capital Structure and Issue of Shares Details of the Company's share capital, together with details of the movements during the period, are set out in note 17 to the Financial Statements. The Company has one class of Ordinary Shares and one class of Deferred Shares, which carry no rights to fixed income. Directors The Directors of the Company, who have served during the period and at the date of this report are: Director Role Date of Appointment Date of Resignation Board Committee* John McGoldrick Chairman and Non-Executive Director 4/10/2017 N, R, A Scott Kaintz Executive Director 27/06/2018 Owen May Non-Executive Director 27/09/2016 29/05/2024 *Board Committee abbreviations are as follows: N = Nomination Committee; A = Audit and Risk Committee; R = Remuneration Committee. ​ Board of Directors Details of the current Directors and their backgrounds are as follows: John McGoldrick ( Chairman and Non-Executive Director, aged 67) John McGoldrick has over forty years of experience in the energy sector including a variety of senior management roles, notably at Enterprise Oil where he was responsible for its US operations up until Shell's takeover in 2002. Since then, Mr. McGoldrick has served as executive chairman of Caza Oil & Gas Inc. (formerly Falcon Bay Energy LLC), a US onshore exploration and production company, which went public in Toronto and London in 2007, becoming Non-Executive Chairman in 2010. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. McGoldrick was a Non-Executive Director of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC, a NYSE-listed Oil & Gas company focused on the US. In January 2012, Mr. McGoldrick joined Dart Energy International as CEO, subsequently becoming CEO of Dart Energy in March 2013. He held this post until Dart Energy's takeover by IGas at the end of 2014. Mr. McGoldrick holds a Bachelor of Engineering in Chemical Engineering with Management Economics from University of Bradford. Scott Kaintz ( Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, aged 47) Scott has extensive experience leading, funding and operating publicly traded natural resource exploration and development businesses on the London markets. He started his career as a US Air Force Officer working across Europe, the Middle East and Central Asia. He subsequently held managerial and technology roles in the defence sector in Europe, before transitioning to corporate finance and investment positions, focused primarily on capital raising and making debt and equity investments in small-cap listed companies. Scott holds a BSLA in Russian language and Russian Area Studies from Georgetown University as well as MBA degrees from Columbia Business School and London Business School. ​ Directors' Interests in Shares Directors' interests in the shares of the Company, at the date of this report, are disclosed below. Director Ordinary Shares Held % Held John McGoldrick 316,455 0.32 Scott Kaintz 949,367 0.95 Substantial Interests As at 1 September 2024, the Company has been advised of the following significant interests (greater than 3%) in its ordinary share capital: Shareholder Ordinary Shares Held % Held Jim Nominees Limited, Designation JARVIS 39,442,082 39.58% Interactive Investor Services Nominees Limited, Designation SMKTNOMS 5,430,173 5.45% Hargreaves Lansdown (Nominees) Limited, Designation 15942 5,239,899 5.26% Hargreaves Lansdown (Nominees) Limited, Designation HLNOM 4,219,667 4.23% Queensbury Inc 4,000,000 4.01% Interactive Investor Services Nominees Limited, Designation SMKTISAS 3,627,140 3.64% Corporate Governance The Board is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and, so far as appropriate given the Company's size and the constitution of the Board, complies with the Corporate Governance Guidelines for Small and Mid-Sized Companies (the " QCA Code "). ​ The Board The Board currently comprises one Executive Director and one Non-Executive Director. The Board is ultimately responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company's business, its strategy and key policies. Members of the Board are appointed by the Shareholders. The Board also has power to appoint additional directors, subject to such appointments being approved by Shareholders. At least four board meetings are held per year. Director Number of Meetings Held During Tenure Number of Meetings Attended John McGoldrick 9 9 Scott Kaintz 9 9 Owen May (Resigned) 9 9 As prescribed by the QCA Code, the Board has established three committees: An Audit and Risk Committee, a Remuneration Committee and a Nomination Committee. Each of the committees were formed on admission of the Company to the Standard Listing Segment on 4 October 2017. The Audit and Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committees have met once each during 2023. ​ Audit and Risk Committee The Audit and Risk Committee, which comprises John McGoldrick, is responsible, amongst other things, for monitoring the Group's financial reporting, external and internal audits and controls, including reviewing and monitoring the integrity of the Group's annual and half-yearly financial statements, reviewing and monitoring the extent of non-audit work undertaken by external auditors, advising on the appointment of external auditors, overseeing the Group's relationship with its external auditors, reviewing the effectiveness of the external audit process and reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's internal control review function. The ultimate responsibility for reviewing and approving the annual report and accounts and the half-yearly reports remains with the Board. The Audit and Risk Committee gives due consideration to laws and regulations, the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code (the Quoted Companies' Alliance code) and the requirements of the Listing Rules. The Audit and Risk Committee shall meet at least once a year at appropriate intervals in the financial reporting and audit cycle and otherwise as required. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee, which comprises John McGoldrick, is responsible, amongst other things, for assisting the Board in determining its responsibilities in relation to remuneration, including making recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy on executive remuneration, including setting the parameters and governance framework of the Group's remuneration policy and determining the individual remuneration and benefits package of each of the Company's Executive Directors and the Group. It is also responsible for approving the rules and basis for participation in any performance related pay-schemes, share incentive schemes and obtaining reliable and up-to-date information about remuneration in other companies. The Remuneration Committee shall meet at least once a year. Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee, which comprises John McGoldrick will identify and nominate, for the approval of the Board, candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise. The Nominations Committee will meet as required. ​ Share Dealing Policy The Company has adopted a Share Dealing Policy, which sets out the requirements and procedures for dealings in any of its listed securities. The Share Dealing Policy applies widely to the Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, the Company's employees and persons closely associated with them. The policy complies with the Market Abuse Regulations, which came into effect on 3 July 2016. Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy The Company has adopted an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which applies to the Directors and any future employees of the Company. The Directors believe that the Group, through its internal controls, has appropriate procedures in place to reduce the risk of bribery and that all employees, agents, consultants and associated persons are made fully aware of the Group's policies and procedures with respect to ethical behaviour, business conduct and transparency. ​ Health and Safety The Company currently has no operations, and will address heath and safety requires in more detail upon acquisition of a project or execution of an office lease where the Company bears responsibility for office health and safety standards. Relations with Shareholders As detailed further below, the Directors seek to build on a mutual understanding of objectives between the Company and its shareholders by meeting to discuss long term issues and receive feedback, communicating regularly throughout the year and issuing trading updates as appropriate. The Board also seeks to use the Annual General Meeting to communicate with its shareholders. Fair, Balanced and Understandable Assessment of Position and Prospects The Board has shown its commitment to presenting fair, balanced and comprehensible assessments of the Company's position and prospects by providing comprehensive disclosures within the financial report in relation to its activities. The Board has applied the principles of good governance relating to Directors' remuneration as described below. The Board has determined that there are no specific issues, which need to be brought to the attention of shareholders. Remuneration Strategy The Company operates in a competitive market. If it is to compete successfully, it is essential that it attracts, develops and retains high quality staff. Remuneration policy has an important part to play in achieving this objective. The Company aims to offer its staff a remuneration package, which is both competitive in the relevant employment market and which reflects individual performance and contribution. Communication with Shareholders The Board attaches great importance to communication with both institutional and private shareholders. Regular communication is maintained with all shareholders through Company announcements, the half-year Statement and the Annual Report and Financial Statements. The Directors seek to build on a mutual understanding of objectives between the Company and its shareholders. Institutional shareholders are in contact with the Directors through presentations and meetings to discuss issues and to give feedback regularly throughout the year. With private shareholders, this is not always practical. ​ The Board therefore intends to use the Company's Annual General Meeting as the opportunity to meet private shareholders, who are encouraged to attend, and at which the Board will give a presentation on the activities of the Company. Following the presentation, there will be an opportunity to meet and ask questions of Directors and to discuss development of the business. The Company operates a website at http://www.curzonenergy.com/investor-relations The website contains details of the Company and its activities, regulatory announcements, Company announcements, interim statements, preliminary statements and annual reports. Greenhouse Gas Emissions The Group has as yet minimal greenhouse gas emissions to report from the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries and does not have responsibility for any other emission producing sources under the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic Report and Directors Report) Regulations 2014. Task Force on Climate Financial Disclosures Given the current position of the group, the directors have not made any disclosures against the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. The directors will revisit the position in the event that a future transaction is completed. Annual General Meeting The Company currently intends to hold its Annual General Meeting on 8 October 2024 at 1300 GMT, and it encourages all shareholders to vote via proxy regardless of their intention of attending the meeting in person. Financial Risk Management The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks, including currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. Some of the objectives and policies applied by management to mitigate these risks are outlined in note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Share Capital The Company's Ordinary Shares of £0.0001 per share and Deferred share of £0.0099 represent 100% of its total share capital. At a meeting of the Company every member present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for every Ordinary Share of which he is the holder. Holders of Ordinary Shares are entitled to receive dividends. Deferred shares do not carry any voting right or right to receive dividends. On a winding-up or other return of capital, holders are entitled to share in any surplus assets pro rata to the amount paid up on their Ordinary Shares. The shares are not redeemable at the option of either the Company or the holder. There are no restrictions on the transfer of shares. Independent Auditors Following the year end, Anstey Bond LLP was appointed as auditor to the Company. Provision of Information to Auditors Each of the persons, who are Directors at the time when this Directors' Report is approved, has confirmed that: ▪ so far as that Director is aware, there is no information relevant to the audit of which the Company's auditors are unaware; and ▪ each Director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a director in order to be aware of any information needed by the Company's auditors in connection with preparing their report and to establish that the Company's auditors are aware of that information. Signed by order of the Board John McGoldrick Non-Executive Chairman 06 September 2024 Directors' R emuneration Report The Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee (the 'Committee') comprises our current Non-Executive Director, John McGoldrick. The members of the Remuneration Committee have the necessary experience of executive compensation matters relevant to their responsibilities as members of such a committee by virtue of their respective professions, contacts within the minerals industry as well as experience in the broader business community. In addition, each member of the Remuneration Committee keeps abreast on a regular basis of trends and developments affecting executive compensation. Accordingly, it is considered that the Remuneration Committee has sufficient experience and knowledge to set appropriate levels of compensation. Neither the Company nor the Remuneration Committee engaged independent consultants to evaluate the levels of compensation during the year ended 31 December 2023. Committee's Main Responsibility The Remuneration Committee is responsible, amongst other things, for assisting the Board in determining its responsibilities in relation to remuneration, including making recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy on executive remuneration, including setting the parameters and governance framework of the Group's remuneration policy and determining the individual remuneration and benefits package for the Company's Executive Directors and the Group. It is also responsible for approving the rules and basis for participation in any performance related pay-schemes, share incentive schemes and obtaining reliable and up-to-date information about remuneration in other companies. The Remuneration Committee shall meet at least once a year. Statement of Policy on Directors' Remuneration The Company's policy is to set remuneration to attract and retain the highest quality of directors and senior executives, and to: ▪ align their interests with shareholders'; ▪ avoid incentivising excessive risk taking by executives; ▪ be proportionate to the contribution of the individuals concerned; and ▪ be sensitive to pay and employment conditions elsewhere in the group. The Company is at an early stage of development. As a result, the use of traditional performance standards, such as corporate profitability, is not considered by the Remuneration Committee to be appropriate in the evaluation of corporate or Directors' performance. Discretionary bonuses may be paid to aid staff retention and reward performance. The Company provides Executive Directors with base fees, which represent their minimum compensation for services rendered during the financial year. The base fees of Directors and senior executives depend on the scope of their experience, responsibilities and performance. The Remuneration Committee has considered the risk implications of the Company's compensation policies and practices and has concluded that there is no appreciable risk associated with such policies and practices since such policies and practices do not have the potential of encouraging an executive officer or other applicable individual to take on any undue risk or to otherwise expose the Company to inappropriate or excessive risks. Furthermore, although the Company does not have in place any specific prohibitions, preventing executives from purchasing financial instruments, including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars or units of exchange funds that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in market value of options or other equity securities of the Company granted in compensation or held directly or indirectly by the director, the Company is unaware of the purchase of any such financial instruments by any Director. The Company may contemplate making significant changes to its compensation policies and practices during 2024 following the acquisition of a new project. Directors' Remuneration The Directors, who held office on 31 December 2023 and who had beneficial interests in the ordinary shares of the Company, are summarised as follows: Name of Director Position John McGoldrick Chairman, Non-Executive Director Scott Kaintz Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director Directors' Service Contracts John McGoldrick was appointed by the Company with effect from Admission to act as Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of the Company under a letter of appointment, dated 04 October 2017. His appointment is terminable on three months' written notice on either side. He is entitled to a fee of £50,000 per annum, and has agreed to resign with no further obligations due following approval of the CVA on 5 September 2024. Owen May was appointed as a Director on 27 September 2016 and resigned after the year end on 29 May 2024. Scott Kaintz was appointed as a Director on 27 June 2018. He was appointed to act as an Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer as of 5 November 2018. His appointment continues until terminated by either party giving four months written notice. Scott is entitled to a fee of £120,000 per annum. Scott has agreed to waive all further executive compensation and to become a Non-Executive Director for a period of 60 days following approval of the CVA to aid in the transition of the new management team. Summary Compensation Table (audited) The following table sets forth the compensation awarded, paid to or earned by each Director during 2023: 2023 Directors' fees US$ Social security costs US$ Total cash-compensation US$ Share-based Payments (options) US$ Total compensation US$ John McGoldrick 62,161 - 62,161 - 62,161 Scott Kaintz 149,187 20,588 169,775 - 169,775 Owen May 31,081 - 31,081 - 31,081 Total Directors' compensation 242,429 20,588 263,017 - 263,017 John McGoldrick has, through agreement with the Company, agreed to defer payment of his Director's compensation from 2017 to 2024, which at 31 December 2023 totaled $359,631 and has been recognized in accruals at the reporting date. Owen May has, through agreement with the Company, agreed to defer payment of his Director's compensation from 2018 to 2024, which at 31 December 2023 totaled $143,746 and has been recognized in accruals at the reporting date. As at 31 December 2023 Scott Kaintz was owed $305,527 in unpaid salary (31 December 2022: $144,780) and has agreed to defer payment of his compensation on an ongoing basis. After the year end, all outstanding Directors' compensation will be settled as part of the CVA that the Company completed on the 5 September 2024, leaving no further outstanding claims. Summary Compensation Table (audited) 2022 Directors' fees US$ Social security costs US$ Total cash-compensation US$ Share-based Payments (options) US$ Total compensation US$ John McGoldrick 62,473 - 62,473 - 62,473 Scott Kaintz 149,935 17,243 167,178 - 167,178 Owen May 31,236 - 31,236 - 31,236 Total Directors' compensation 243,644 17,243 260,887 - 260,887 Share-Based Awards (audited) The Company has nil share options awarded to the Directors of the Company in accordance with its share option plan. There were no awards of annual bonuses or incentive arrangements in the period. All remuneration was therefore fixed in nature and no illustrative table of the application of remuneration policy has been included in this report. ​ Directors' Interests in Shares (audited) Directors' interests in the shares of the Company at the date of this report are disclosed below. Director Ordinary Shares Held % Held John McGoldrick 316,455 0.32 Scott Kaintz 949,367 1.14 Owen May - - Other Matters Subject to Audit The Company does not currently have any pension plans for any of the Directors and does not pay pension amounts in relation to their remuneration. Other Matters The Company does not currently have any annual or long-term incentive schemes in place for any of the Directors and as such there are no disclosures in this respect. The performance of the Remuneration Committee is yet to be assessed given the short time frame that it has been operational. No performance graph has been included here as the Company is in the early stages of its business development. ​ ​ Signed John McGoldrick Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 06 September 2024 Statement of Directors' Responsibilities in Respect of the Strategic Report, the Directors' Report and the Financial Statements The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors' Report and the Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare Financial Statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the Financial Statements in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards and applicable law. Under company law, the Directors must not approve the Financial Statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the profit or loss of the Group for that period. In preparing these Financial Statements, the Directors are required to: ▪ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; ▪ make judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; ▪ state whether they have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards; and ▪ prepare the Financial Statements on the going concern basis, unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will continue in business. The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the Financial Statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of Financial Statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. We confirm that to the best of our knowledge: ▪ the Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting standards, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Group; ▪ the Directors report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face. By Order of the Board ​ ​ ​ ​ John McGoldrick Non-Executive Chairman 06 September 2024 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CURZON ENERGY PLC Opinion We have audited the financial statements of Curzon Energy Plc (the "company") and its subsidiaries (the "group") for the year ended 31 December 2023 which comprise the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated and company statements of financial position, the consolidated and company statements of cash flows, the consolidated and company statements of changes in equity and notes to the financial statements, including significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in preparation of the group and parent company financial statements is applicable law and UK-adopted international accounting standards. In our opinion: • the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the group and company's affairs as at 31 December 2023 and of the group's loss for the year then ended; • the group and company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; · The parent company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the United Kingdom and as applied in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006; and • the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. Basis for opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the group and the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC's Ethical Standard as applied to public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Material uncertainty related to going concern We draw attention to note 2 to the financial statements, which details the factors the directors considered when assessing the going concern position. As detailed in note 2, the Company entered into a Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA) with its creditors on 5 September 2024. The terms of the CVA, which have been approved by creditors and shareholders, require the Company to settle its debts through a combination of cash and convertible loan notes. The Company has secured a £340,000 funding placement from Peterhouse Capital Limited, which will be used to satisfy the CVA obligations and provide working capital for future operations. While the successful implementation of the CVA and the availability of the funding placement have reduced the immediate financial pressures on the Company, there remains significant uncertainty regarding its long-term viability. The group currently has no source of revenue and is reliant on external financing to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. The group will need additional funding to continue operations for the foreseeable future. As stated in note 2, these events and conditions, along with the other matters set out in note 2, indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the group's and parent company's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in preparation of the financial statements is appropriate. Our evaluation of the directors' assessment of the group's and parent company's ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included discussions with management, reviewing the CVA agreement, obtaining evidence of the share placement, understanding and challenging management's assumptions and examining management's cash flow forecasts. Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this report. Overview of our audit approach Materiality In planning and performing our audit we applied the concept of materiality. An item is considered material if it could reasonably be expected to change the economic decisions of a user of the financial statements. We used the concept of materiality to both focus our testing and to evaluate the impact of misstatements identified. Based on our professional judgement, we determined overall materiality for the group financial statements as a whole to be $145,681 (2022: $90,000), based on 3% of net liabilities. Materiality for the parent company financial statements as a whole was set at £114,736 (2022: £72,000) using the same basis. We use a different level of materiality ('performance materiality') to determine the extent of our testing for the audit of the financial statements. Performance materiality is set based on the audit materiality as adjusted for the judgements made as to the entity risk and our evaluation of the specific risk of each audit area having regard to the internal control environment. Performance materiality was set at 70% of materiality for the financial statements as a whole, which equates to $101,977 for the group and £80,296 for the parent. Where considered appropriate performance materiality may be reduced to a lower level, such as, for related party transactions and directors' remuneration. We agreed with the Audit Committee to report to it all identified errors in excess of $5,000 (2022: $5,000). Errors below that threshold would also be reported to it if, in our opinion as auditor, disclosure was required on qualitative grounds. Overview of the scope of our audit The group consists of the parent company and its subsidiaries. As part of designing our group audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements. In establishing our overall approach to the group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed in respect of each subsidiary or entity. This consisted of us carrying out a full audit of all significant components of the group. An audit involves obtaining evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements sufficient to give reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error. This includes an assessment of: ▪ whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the company's circumstances and have been consistently applied and adequately disclosed; ▪ the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by the directors; and ▪ the overall presentation of the financial statements. All audit work has been conducted by the group audit team Key Audit Matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) we identified, including those which had the greatest effect on the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined that the only key audit matter was in respect of going concern and our work in that area is described in the section above headed 'Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern'. Several risks were identified surrounding the company's ability to continue as a going concern. Attention has been drawn to these matters in note 2 of the financial statements. In this area, our audit procedures included: · We obtained and reviewed the twelve month postdate of signing the financial statements cash-flow forecasts, bank statements and statutory documentation; · We assessed the level of equity financing received during the eight months after the balance sheet date, and whether this was sufficient to ensure the group's liquidity; · We reviewed the Group's refinancing of debt taking place post year end and the raising of cash by the placing of shares post recommencement of share trading. · We obtained the Board of Directors' assessment of the groups' going concern; · We reviewed the disclosures included within these statements and confirmed that they were in line with regulatory reporting standards. From the work performed, we did not identify any instances from which to conclude that the disclosure or accounting treatment was incorrectly stated. As part of our consideration of the above key risk and our audit procedures in general the following inherent risk factors have been considered: · Subjectivity ; specifically in respect to the forecast cost base for the twelve months to September 2025 · Complexity ; we do not consider there to be any significant risks attributable to change in the business for the current period · Uncertainty ; the outcome of the going concern assessment and the realisation of future fundraising planned by management. · Change ; we do not consider there to be any significant risks attributable to change in the business for the current period; · Susceptibility to Misstatement Due to Management Bias or Fraud ; The risk of misstatement due to management bias or fraud was identified in relation to the small team and therefore lack of segregation of duties, this required specific audit procedures to mitigate the risk. Other information The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report other than the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006 In our opinion the part of the directors' remuneration report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of our audit: • the information given in the strategic and the directors' reports for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and • the strategic and the directors' reports have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Matters on which we are required to report by exception In light of the knowledge and understanding of the group and the parent company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors' report. We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion: • adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or • the group and company financial statements and the part of the directors' remuneration report to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or • certain disclosures of directors' remuneration specified by law are not made; or • we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit. Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements As explained more fully in the directors' responsibilities statement set out in this document, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. Detecting irregularities Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below, however the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud lies with management and those charged with the governance of the partner company and group. We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the Group and the procedures in place for ensuring compliance. The most significant areas identified were the Companies Act 2006 and the regulations concerning the company's listing on the London Stock Exchange. As part of our audit planning process, we assessed the different areas of the financial statements, including disclosures, for the risk of material misstatement. This included considering the risk of fraud where direct enquiries were made of management and those charged with governance concerning both whether they had any knowledge of actual or suspected fraud and their assessment of the susceptibility of fraud. We have read board and committee minutes of meetings, as well as regulatory announcements, as part of our risk assessment process to identify events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. As part of this process, we have considered whether remuneration incentive schemes or performance targets exist for the Directors. In addition to the risk of management override of controls, we have considered the fraud risk related to any unusual transactions or unexpected relationships, including assessing the risk of undisclosed related party transactions. Our procedures to address this risk included testing a risk-based selection of journal transactions, both at the year end and throughout the year. Because of the inherent limitations of an audit, there is a risk that we will not detect all irregularities, including those leading to a material misstatement in the financial statements or non-compliance with regulation. This risk increases the more that compliance with a law or regulation is removed from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, as we will be less likely to become aware of instances of non-compliance. The risk is also greater regarding irregularities occurring due to fraud rather than error, as fraud involves intentional concealment, forgery, collusion, omission or misrepresentation. A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial Reporting Council's website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report. Use of our report This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed. Colin Ellis FCCA CF (Senior Statutory Auditor) For and on behalf of ANSTEY BOND LLP, Statutory Auditors & Chartered Accountants 1-2 Charterhouse Mews London EC1M 6BB 6 th September 2024 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 31 December 2023 Note 2023 2022 US$ US$ Administrative expenses 6 (571,548) (509,358) Loss from operations (571,548) (509,358) Finance expense, net 7 (163,705) (191,735) Provision for reclamation obligation 12 - - Loss before taxation 4 (735,253) (701,093) Income tax expense 8 - - Loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent company (735,253) (701,093) Other comprehensive income (Loss)/gain on translation of parent net assets and results from functional currency into presentation currency (181,339) 233,300 Total comprehensive loss for the year (916,592) (467,793) Loss per share - Basic and diluted, US$ 9 (0.007) (0.007) The notes form part of these Financial Statements Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2023 Note 2023 2022 US$ US$ Assets Current assets Prepayments and other receivables 13 28,769 29,828 Cash and cash equivalents 14 738 20,421 Total current assets 29,507 50,249 Total assets 29,507 50,249 Current liabilities Trade and other payables 15 1,419,494 912,521 Borrowings 16 2,522,708 2,133,832 Total current liabilities 3,942,202 3,046,353 Total liabilities 3,942,202 3,046,353 Share capital 17 1,105,547 1,105,547 Share premium 3,619,332 3,619,332 Share-based payments reserve 474,792 474,792 Warrants reserve 375,198 375,198 Merger reserve 31,212,041 31,212,041 Foreign currency translation reserve (94,593) 86,746 Accumulated losses (40,605,012) (39,869,759) Total capital and reserves (3,912,695) (2,996,104) Total equity and liabilities 29,507 50,249 The Financial Statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 06 September 2024 and were signed on its behalf by: John McGoldrick Director The notes form part of these Financial Statements. Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity Share capital Share premium Other reserves Accumulated losses Total US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ Equity at 1 January 2022 1,105,547 3,619,332 31,915,477 (39,168,666) (2,528,310) Loss for the year - - - (701,093) (701,093) Other comprehensive income for the year - - 233,300 - 233,300 Total comprehensive loss for the year - - 233,300 (701,093) (467,793) Equity at 31 December 2022 1,105,547 3,619,332 32,148,777 (39,869,759) (2,996,104) Loss for the year - - - (735,253) (735,253) Other comprehensive loss for the year - - (181,339) - (181,339) Total comprehensive loss for the year - - (181,339) (735,253) (916,592) Equity at 31 December 2023 1,105,547 3,619,332 31,967,438 (40,605,012) (3,912,695) Other Reserves Merger reserve Share-based payments reserve Warrants reserve Foreign currency translation reserve Total Other reserves US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ Other reserves at 1 January 2022 31,212,041 474,792 375,198 (146,554) 31,915,477 Other comprehensive gain for the year - - - 233,300 233,300 Total comprehensive gain for the year - - - 233,300 233,300 Issue of warrants - - - - - Other reserves at 31 December 2022 31,212,041 474,792 375,198 86,746 32,148,777 Other comprehensive loss for the year - - - (181,339) (181,339) Total comprehensive loss for the year - - - (181,339) (181,339) Other reserves at 31 December 2023 31,212,041 474,792 375,198 (94,593) 31,967,438 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Notes 2023 2022 US$ US$ Cash flow from operating activities Loss before taxation (735,253) (701,093) Adjustments for: Finance expenses 7 196,448 191,970 Unrealised foreign exchange movements 7 (20,009) (36,606) Operating cashflows before working capital changes (558,814) (545,729) Changes in working capital: Increase in payables 437,923 235,141 (Increase)/decrease in receivables 2,661 10,587 Net cash used in operating activities (118,230) (300,002) Financing activities Issue of ordinary shares, net of share issue costs 17 - - Proceeds from new borrowings 16 98,508 184,693 Net cash flow from financing activities 98,508 184,693 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the period (19,722) (115,309) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 20,421 138,142 Restricted cash held on deposits 12 - 125,000 Total cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period, including restricted cash 20,421 263,142 Effect of the translation of cash balances into presentation currency 39 (2,412) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 738 20,421 Restricted cash held on deposits 12 - 125,000 Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period, including restricted cash 738 145,421 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Information 1. General Information The Company is incorporated and registered in England and Wales as a public limited company. The Company's registered number is 09976843 and its registered office is at Salisbury House, London Wall, London EC2M 5PS. On 4 October 2017, the Company's shares were admitted to the Official List (by way of Standard Listing) and to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. With effect from admission, the Company has been subject to the Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules (and the resulting jurisdiction of the UK Listing Authority) to the extent such rules apply to companies with a Standard Listing pursuant to Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. The principal activity of the Company is that of an investment company, currently focused on acquiring a new business with adequate scale and growth potential to be listed on the Standard Listing of the London Stock Exchange. The individual financial statements of the Company ("Company financial statements") have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 which permits a Company that publishes its Company and Group financial statements together, to take advantage of the exemption in Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, from presenting to its members its Company Income Statement and related notes that form part of the approved Company financial statements. ​ 2. Accounting Policies The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements. The Group Financial statements are presented in US Dollars as historically the entirety of the Company's operations have been located in the United States. ​ Basis of Preparation The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards ("IFRS") and the requirements of the Companies Act applicable to companies reporting under IFRS. The Financial Statements are prepared on a going concern basis and under the historical cost convention. ​ a. New standards, interpretations and amendments effective from 1 January 2023 There were no new standards or interpretations effective for the first time for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 that had a significant effect on the Curzon Group's Financial Statements. b. New standards, interpretations and amendments not yet effective At the date of authorisation of these Financial Statements, a number of amendments to existing standards and interpretations, which have not been applied in these Financial Statements, were in issue but not yet effective for the year presented. The Directors do not expect that the adoption of these standards will have a material impact on the financial information of the Group in future periods. Basis of Consolidation The Company was incorporated on 29 of January 2016; On the 4th of October 2017 it acquired Coos Bay Energy LLC. At the time of its acquisition by the Company, Coos Bay Energy LLC consisted of Coos Bay Energy LLC and its wholly owned US Group. It is the Directors' opinion that the Company at the date of acquisition of Coos Bay Energy LLC did not meet the definition of a business as defined by IFRS 3 and therefore the acquisition was outside of the IFRS 3 scope. Where a party to an acquisition fails to satisfy the definition of a business, as defined by IFRS 3, management have decided to adopt a "merger accounting" method of consolidation as the most relevant method to be used. Going Concern The Group Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Group will continue to be able to meet its liabilities as they fall due for the foreseeable future. The Board has considered this in light of the Company's recent recapitalization and debt restructuring efforts, which took the form of a Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA). The terms of the CVA, approved at meetings of the creditors and shareholders on 5 September 2024, are that all amounts owed will be settled via a mix of cash and convertible loan notes. A placing of £340,000 has been arranged by the Company's broker, Peterhouse Capital Limited, and following the CVA vote and general meeting, the funds being held will be released to satisfy the CVA and to the Company to fund its future operations. The Directors note that, notwithstanding the debt reduction and capitalization anticipated by the passage of the CVA referenced above, the Group will need additional funding to continue operations for the foreseeable future, however the cost basis of the Company post CVA and prior to any transaction is expected to remain low. The Directors are confident however that the Group will be able to raise, as required, sufficient cash to enable it to continue its operations, post passage of the CVA, and to continue to meet, as and when they fall due, its liabilities for at least the next 12 months from the date of approval of the Group Financial Statements. The Group Financial Statements have, therefore, been prepared on the going concern basis. However, as there can be no certainty that over access to future funding by the Company following the passage of the CVA, there exists a material uncertainty as to the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Functional Currency Functional and Presentation Currency The individual financial information of each Group entity is measured in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). The Company's functional currency is UK Pound Sterling (£). All other companies, belonging to the Curzon Group, have US Dollar as their functional currency. The Group Financial Statements are presented in US Dollars ($). Transactions and Balances Transactions in foreign currencies are converted into the respective functional currencies on initial recognition, using the exchange rates approximating those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period are translated at the rates ruling as of that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated using exchange rates that existed when the values were determined. All exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss. On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of the Group's Pound Sterling operations are translated into the Group's presentational currency (US Dollar) at exchange rates prevailing at the reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period unless exchange rates have fluctuated significantly during the year, in which case the exchange rate at the date of the transaction is used. All exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised as other comprehensive income and are transferred to the Group's foreign currency translation reserve. Rates applied in these Financial Statements: 2023 2022 Closing USD/GBP rate at 31 December 1.273 1.2065 Average USD/GBP rate for the year 1.2432 1.2495 Reclamation Costs Where a material liability for the removal of production facilities and site restoration at the end of the field life exists, a provision for decommissioning is made. The amount recognised is the present value of estimated future expenditure determined in accordance with local conditions and requirements. An asset of an amount equivalent to the provision is also created and depreciated on a unit of production basis. Changes in estimates are recognised prospectively, with corresponding adjustments to the provision and the associated asset . At 31 December 2023 and 2022, a provision has been recognized and set off against restricted cash as permitted by IAS 32. Impairment Impairment of Financial Assets All financial assets are assessed at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is any objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events having an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset. For an equity instrument, a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value below its cost is considered to be objective evidence of impairment. An impairment loss in respect of financial assets carried at amortised cost is recognised in profit or loss and is measured as the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the financial asset's original effective interest rate. If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that the carrying amount of the financial asset at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the amortised cost would have been had the impairment not been recognised. When there is a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount, a subsequent increase in the recoverable amount of an asset is treated as a reversal of the previous impairment loss and is recognised to the extent of the carrying amount of the asset that would have been determined (net of amortisation and depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised. The reversal is recognised in profit or loss immediately, unless the asset is carried at its revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase. Financial Instruments Financial instruments are recognised in the statements of financial position, when the Group has become a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments. Financial Assets The Group classifies its financial assets as financial assets carried at amortised cost, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Financial assets are initially measured at fair value and subsequently carried at amortised cost. Financial assets are derecognized, when the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. On de-recognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive income is recognised in profit or loss. Amortised Cost These assets incorporate such types of financial assets, where the objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest. They are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition or issue and are subsequently carried at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method, less provision for impairment. Impairment provisions receivables are recognised based on the simplified approach within IFRS 9, using a provision matrix in the determination of the lifetime expected credit losses. During this process, the probability of the non-payment of the receivables is assessed. This probability is then multiplied by the amount of the expected loss arising from default to determine the lifetime expected credit loss for the receivables. On confirmation that the receivable will not be collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset is written off against the associated provision. Impairment provisions for receivables from related parties and loans to related parties are recognised based on a forward-looking expected credit loss model. The methodology, used to determine the amount of the provision, is based on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial asset. For those where the credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition of the financial asset, twelve month expected credit losses, along with gross interest income, are recognised. For those for which credit risk has increased significantly but not determined to be credit impaired, lifetime expected credit losses along with the gross interest income are recognised. For those that are determined to be credit impaired, lifetime expected credit losses along with interest income on a net basis are recognised. The Group's financial assets, measured at amortised cost, comprise other receivables and cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand, bank balances, bank overdrafts, deposits with financial institutions and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Restricted Cash Restricted cash were funds held as a collateral related to stand-by letters of credit related to the Group's former oil and gas properties. Such deposits are classified as non-current assets and are not classified as part of cash and cash equivalents as these deposits are not accessible by the Company for unrestricted use and are not accessible for more than 3 months. More details on the Group's restricted cash are given in the note 12 . Financial Liabilities Financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. Financial instruments are classified as liabilities or equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement. Interest, dividends, gains and losses, relating to a financial instrument classified as a liability, are reported as an expense or income. Distributions to holders of financial instruments classified as equity are charged directly to equity. All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value less financial costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method other than those categorised as fair value through the Statement of Comprehensive Income. A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same party on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a de-recognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the Income Statement. Financial liabilities include the following items: ▪ Bank borrowings are initially recognised at fair value net of any transaction costs directly attributable to the issue of the instrument. Such interest-bearing liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method, which ensures that any interest expense over the period to repayment is at a constant rate on the balance of the liability carried in the consolidated statement of financial position. For the purposes of each financial liability, interest expense includes initial transaction costs and any premium payable on redemption as well as any interest or coupon, payable while the liability is outstanding; ▪ Liability components of convertible loan notes are measured as described further below; ▪ Trade payables and other short-term monetary liabilities, which are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently carried at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. Convertible Debt The proceeds, received on issue of the Group's convertible debt, are allocated into their liability and equity components. The amount, initially attributed to the debt component, equals the discounted cash flows, using a market rate of interest that would be payable on a similar debt instrument that does not include an option to convert. Subsequently, the debt component is accounted for as a financial liability, measured at amortised cost until extinguished on conversion or maturity of the bond. The remainder of the proceeds is allocated to the conversion option and is recognised as a separate equity component within shareholders' equity, net of income tax effects. Equity instruments Ordinary Shares Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs, directly attributable to the issue of new shares, are shown in Share Premium account as a deduction, net of tax, from proceeds. Dividends on ordinary shares are recognised as liabilities, when approved for distribution is allocated to the conversion option and is recognised as a separate equity component within shareholders' equity, net of income tax effects. Warrants Warrants classified as equity are recorded at fair value as of the date of issuance on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and no further adjustments to their valuation are made. Management estimates the fair value of these liabilities, using option pricing models and assumptions that are based on the individual characteristics of the warrants or instruments on the valuation date as well as assumptions for future financings, expected volatility, expected life, yield and risk-free interest rate. Taxation Income tax for each reporting period comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax is the expected amount of income taxes, payable in respect of the taxable profit for the year and is measured, using the tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences, arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the Group Financial Statements. Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilised. The carrying amounts of deferred tax assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax assets to be utilised. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences other than those that arise from goodwill or excess of the Group's interest in the net fair value of the acquired Company's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over the business combination costs or from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction, which is not a business combination and at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period, when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on the tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset, when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate to the same taxation authority. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow deferred tax assets to be recovered. Deferred tax, relating to items recognised outside profit or loss, is recognised outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transactions either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized, where the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position differs from its tax base, except for differences, arising on the initial recognition of goodwill, the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction, which is not a business combination and at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting or taxable profit, and investments in subsidiaries and joint arrangements, where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the difference and it is probable that the difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Employee Benefits Short-Term Benefits Wages, salaries, paid annual leave and sick leave, bonuses and non-monetary benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by employees of the Group. Post-Employment Benefits The Group does not currently make provision for post-employment benefits by way of pension plans or similar arrangements. Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets Provisions are r

[truncated]