Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 45 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 46 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 92 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 92 Item 9B. Other Information 92 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 93 PART III 94 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 94 Item 11. Executive Compensation 94 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 94 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 94 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 94 PART IV 95 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 95 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 102 Signatures 103 2 Table of Contents DEFINITIONS Unless the context otherwise indicates, references to “us,” “we,” “our,” “ours,” “Devon,” the “Company” and “Registrant” refer to Devon Energy Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. All monetary values, other than per unit and per share amounts, are stated in millions of U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified. In addition, the following are other abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used within this Annual Report on Form 10-K: “2017 Plan” means the Devon Energy Corporation 2017 Incentive Plan. “2018 Senior Credit Facility” means Devon’s syndicated unsecured revolving line of credit, effective as of October 5, 2018. “2022 Plan” means the Devon Energy Corporation 2022 Incentive Plan. “2023 Senior Credit Facility” means Devon’s syndicated unsecured revolving line of credit, effective as of March 24, 2023. “ASU” means Accounting Standards Update. “Bbl” or “Bbls” means barrel or barrels. “Bcf” means billion cubic feet. “BLM” means the United States Bureau of Land Management. “Boe” means barrel of oil equivalent. Gas proved reserves and production are converted to Boe, at the pressure and temperature base standard of each respective state in which the gas is produced, at the rate of six Mcf of gas per Bbl of oil, based upon the approximate relative energy content of gas and oil. NGL proved reserves and production are converted to Boe on a basis with oil. “Btu” means British thermal units, a measure of heating value. “CAMT” means corporate alternative minimum tax. “Catalyst” means Catalyst Midstream Partners, LLC. “CDM” means Cotton Draw Midstream, L.L.C. “DD&A” means depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses. “EHS” means environmental, health and safety. “EPA” means the United States Environmental Protection Agency. “ESG” means environmental, social and governance. “FASB” means Financial Accounting Standards Board. “Fervo” means Fervo Energy Company. “G&A” means general and administrative expenses. “GAAP” means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. “GHG” means greenhouse gas. "Grayson Mill" means Grayson Mill Intermediate HoldCo II, LLC and Grayson Mill Intermediate HoldCo III, LLC. “Inside FERC” refers to the publication Inside F.E.R.C.’s Gas Market Report. “IRA” refers to the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. “LOE” means lease operating expenses. “Matterhorn” refers to Matterhorn Express Pipeline, LLC and as applicable, its direct parent, MXP Parent, LLC. “MBbls” means thousand barrels. “MBoe” means thousand Boe. “Mcf” means thousand cubic feet. “MMBbls” means million barrels. 3 Table of Contents “MMBoe” means million Boe. “MMBtu” means million Btu. “MMcf” means million cubic feet. “N/M” means not meaningful. "NCI" means noncontrolling interests. “NGL” or “NGLs” means natural gas liquids. “NYMEX” means New York Mercantile Exchange. “NYSE” means New York Stock Exchange. “OPEC” means Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries. “SEC” means United States Securities and Exchange Commission. "SOFR" means secured overnight financing rate. “Standardized measure” means the present value of future net revenues discounted at 10% per annum. “STEM” means science, technology, engineering and mathematics. “S&P 500 Index” means Standard and Poor’s 500 index. “Term Loan” means Term Loan Credit Agreement. “TSR” means total shareholder return. “U.S.” means United States of America. “VIE” means variable interest entity. “Water JV” means NDB Midstream L.L.C. “WPX” means WPX Energy, Inc. “WTI” means West Texas Intermediate. “/Bbl” means per barrel. “/d” means per day. “/MMBtu” means per MMBtu. 4 Table of Contents INFORMATION REGARDING STATEMENTS This report includes “ statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Such statements include those concerning strategic plans, our expectations and objectives for future operations, as well as other future events or conditions, and are often identified by use of the words and phrases “expects,” “believes,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “continue,” “may,” “aims,” “likely to be,” “intends,” “forecasts,” “projections,” “estimates,” “plans,” “expectations,” “targets,” “opportunities,” “potential,” “anticipates,” “outlook” and other similar terminology. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report that address activities, events or developments that Devon expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are statements. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Consequently, actual future results could differ materially and adversely from our expectations due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to: • the volatility of oil, gas and NGL prices; • uncertainties inherent in estimating oil, gas and NGL reserves; • the extent to which we are successful in acquiring and discovering additional reserves; • the uncertainties, costs and risks involved in our operations; • risks related to our hedging activities; • our limited control over third parties who operate some of our oil and gas properties; • midstream capacity constraints and potential interruptions in production, including from limits to the build out of midstream infrastructure; • competition for assets, materials, people and capital; • regulatory restrictions, compliance costs and other risks relating to governmental regulation, including with respect to federal lands, environmental matters and water disposal; • climate change and risks related to regulatory, social and market efforts to address climate change; • risks relating to our ESG initiatives; • claims, audits and other proceedings impacting our business, including with respect to historic and legacy operations; • governmental interventions in energy markets; • counterparty credit risks; • risks relating to our indebtedness; • cybersecurity risks; • the extent to which insurance covers any losses we may experience; • risks related to shareholder activism; • our ability to successfully complete mergers, acquisitions and divestitures; • our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases; and • any of the other risks and uncertainties discussed in this report or other SEC filings. The statements included in this filing speak only as of the date of this report, represent management’s current reasonable expectations as of the date of this filing and are subject to the risks and uncertainties identified above as well as those described elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of our statements, and readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this report and in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC. All subsequent written and oral statements attributable to Devon, or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. We do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any duty to update or revise our statements based on new information, future events or otherwise. 5 Table of Contents PAR T I Items 1 and 2. Busin ess and Properties General Founded in 1971 and publicly held since 1988, Devon (NYSE: DVN) is an independent energy company engaged primarily in the exploration, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGLs. Our operations are concentrated in various onshore areas in the U.S. Our principal and administrative offices are located at 333 West Sheridan, Oklahoma City, OK 73102-5015 (telephone 405-235-3611). Devon files or furnishes annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to these reports, with the SEC. Through our website, www.devonenergy.com , we make available electronic copies of the documents we file or furnish to the SEC, the charters of the committees of our Board of Directors and other documents related to our corporate governance. The corporate governance documents available on our website include our Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, and any amendments to and waivers from any provision of that Code will also be posted on our website. Access to these electronic filings is available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing them to the SEC. Printed copies of our committee charters or other governance documents and filings can be requested by writing to our corporate secretary at the address on the cover of this report. Reports filed with the SEC are also made available on its website at www.sec.gov . Our Strategy Our business strategy is focused on delivering a consistently competitive shareholder return among our peer group. Because the business of exploring for, developing and producing oil and natural gas is capital intensive, delivering sustainable, capital efficient cash flow growth is a key tenet to our success. While our cash flow is highly dependent on volatile and uncertain commodity prices, we pursue our strategy throughout all commodity price cycles with five fundamental principles. Operating excellence – Operating our business in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner is fundamental to who we are. We embrace innovative thinking and believe technology will be instrumental in the longevity of our industry. With our vision to be a premier independent oil and natural gas exploration and production company, the work our employees do every day contributes to the local, national and global economies. We produce a valuable commodity that is fundamental to society, and we endeavor to do so in a safe, environmentally responsible and ethical way, while striving to deliver strong returns to our shareholders. We have an ongoing commitment to transparency in reporting our ESG performance. We continue to establish new environmental performance targets for our Company and incorporate ESG initiatives into our compensation structure. Advantaged asset portfolio – We believe U.S. crude oil and natural gas will continue to be advantaged in the global energy markets. As discussed in more detail later in this section, we own a portfolio of assets located in the Delaware Basin, Rockies, Eagle Ford and Anadarko Basin. We strive to own premier assets capable of generating cash flows in excess of our capital and operating requirements, as well as competitive rates of return. We also desire to own a portfolio of assets that can deliver sustainable production extending many years into the future and provide reliable and affordable energy needed to support the world's growing population and energy demands. Maintaining financial strength and flexibility – Commodity prices are uncertain and volatile, so we strive to maintain a strong balance sheet, as well as adequate liquidity and financial flexibility, in order to operate competitively in all commodity price cycles. Our capital allocation decisions are made with attention to these financial stewardship principles, as well as the priorities of funding our core operations, protecting our credit ratings and paying and growing our shareholder dividend. While maintaining financial strength is a top priority, we remain committed to maximizing shareholder value which is evidenced by making opportunistic share repurchases and consistently paying and growing our fixed dividend. Delivering value to shareholders – We are committed to shareholder returns. We are dedicated to a growing fixed dividend that is sustainable through the commodity price cycles. We adhere to distributing our cash flows in excess of operating and capital needs to shareholders. As we pursue cash flow growth, we continually work to optimize the efficiency of our capital programs and production operations, with an underlying objective of reducing absolute and per unit costs and enhancing our returns. 6 Table of Contents Cultivating a culture to succeed – We value our people and communities and invest in their success. Our workforce is central to and drives our success. We focus on providing fulfilling careers, meaningful benefits and a sense of inclusion and belonging. We strive to be good stewards in all the communities we operate in, being actively involved and applying our culture of operating excellence. Environmental, Social and Governance Devon is focused on producing reliable, affordable and accessible energy that the world needs, while continuing to find ways to produce and deliver it more responsibly. We consider the potential impacts of our operations when planning activities and making decisions. We promote a culture of compliance with environmental laws and regulations and encourage performance that often goes above and beyond what is required. In the process, Devon incorporates technology, tools and processes that enable us to minimize or avoid effects on air, water, land and wildlife. We are also evaluating and selectively investing in opportunities that are complementary to our core business and commitment to deliver shareholder value. We have a strong organization in place to manage environmental performance, encompassing our Board of Directors, our EHS and Sustainability leadership teams, and our EHS and operations teams. Our governance philosophy in this space elevates EHS oversight and discussion, including matters related to climate change and energy transition opportunities. Our Board and the Board's Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committee frequently review our environmental initiatives and are keenly interested in the operational measures, technological advancements, planning, forecasting and other actions the Company takes in improving our performance in these areas. Our organizational efforts assure that our environmental objectives and targets are considered in capital allocation decisions, corporate and business unit planning and team strategies to integrate sustainability into our business activities. To support our commitment to improve our environmental footprint, we spent approximately $100 million in 2024 on capital projects that will directly or indirectly result in emissions reduction, and we anticipate spending approximately $100 million in 2025. Devon has established environmental performance targets that reflect our dedication and commitment to providing affordable energy while achieving meaningful emissions reductions and pursuing our goal of net zero GHG emissions for Scopes 1 and 2. Our GHG and methane targets shown below are calculated from a 2019 baseline. Devon’s emission reduction strategy involves a range of potential actions, including expanding our leak detection and repair program; deploying advanced leak detection technologies; reducing the volume of natural gas that is flared; electrifying facilities to reduce the use of natural gas and diesel consumed onsite; and optimizing facility design to minimize leaks and eliminate common equipment failures. Devon is also focused on conserving and reusing water and interacting with our value chain on our overall environmental goals. We have set a target to advance our recycled water rate by using 90% or more for completions activities in our most active operating areas within the Delaware Basin. We are confident we can deliver strong operational and financial results and reduce our environmental impact while safeguarding our workforce and the communities in which we operate. Human Capital Delivering strong operational and financial results in a safe, environmentally and socially responsible way requires the expertise and positive contributions of every Devon employee. Our people are the Company’s most important resource and we seek to hire people who share and demonstrate our core values of integrity, relationships, courage and results. We value our people and invest in their success. Devon focuses on providing personally and professionally fulfilling careers, meaningful benefits and compensation, and a sense of belonging and inclusion. Our workforce is central to and drives our success. Devon’s Executive Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board routinely engage in discussions regarding a wide range of human capital strategies, outcomes and activities. As of December 31, 2024, Devon and its consolidated subsidiaries had approximately 2,300 employees, all located in the U.S. 7 Table of Contents Employee Safety and Wellness We prepare our workforce to work safely with comprehensive training and orientation, guidance and tools, safety engagements, recognition and other resources. Employees and contractors are expected to comply with safety rules and regulations and are accountable for stopping work, immediately reporting incidents and events and informing visitors of emergency alarms and evacuation plans. To safeguard workers on our well sites and neighbors nearby, we plan, design, drill, complete and produce wells using proven best practices, technologies, tools and materials. We work continuously to prevent disruptions and provide training and drills so our employees are prepared and ready to respond to a wide variety of issues. Devon also prioritizes the physical, mental and financial wellness of our employees. We offer competitive health and financial benefits with incentives designed to promote , including an Employee Assistance Program (“EAP”) that provides counseling services for employees and their family members free of charge. Access to experienced counselors, financial experts, staff attorneys, consultants and other services are included in EAP services available 365 days a year, 24 hours a day. Devon also provides virtual mental health counseling resources available through talk and text, as well as a digital mental health platform providing mental health assessment and education. Devon encourages employees to take advantage of our wellness programs and activities by getting an annual physical exam, attending preventive health screenings and completing a financial wellness series, all at no cost to our workforce. Employee Compensation, Benefits, Development and Retention We strive to attract and retain individuals across our workforce. One way we do this is by providing competitive compensation and benefits, including annual bonuses; a 401(k) savings plan with a Devon contribution up to 14% of the employee’s earnings; stock awards for all employees; medical, dental and vision health care coverage; health savings and flexible spending accounts; maternity and parental leave for the birth or adoption of a child; an adoption assistance program; alternate work schedules; flexible work hours; work options; and telecommuting support; among other benefits. Devon also provides a Paid Family and Medical Leave Policy for all employees to take care of themselves and their families. Devon continues to suspend collection of all employee health care premiums. We believe these benefits help contribute to strong productivity, low absenteeism and high retention rates. Devon also looks to our core values to build the workforce we need. We develop our employees’ knowledge and creativity and advance continual learning and career development through ongoing performance, training and development conversations. Employee Culture and Community Devon’s success depends on employees who demonstrate integrity, accountability, perseverance and a passion for building our business and delivering results. Our efforts to create a workforce with these qualities start with offering equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We do this with company policies and leadership commitment, and by providing employees opportunities to help shape Devon’s culture. We strive to bring a range of thoughts, experiences and points of view to our and decision making throughout Devon. Along with our workforce efforts, we invest in community partnerships focusing on social services, environment and conservation, emergency response and preparedness, arts and culture and STEM education. Since 2019, Devon has created STEM centers throughout elementary and middle schools in the areas in which we operate. Devon has helped open 188 STEM centers that orient children of all backgrounds to skills that will be essential for the future workforce. Devon works with school districts to ensure that all students have access to the same STEM tools and resources in each STEM Center. Compliance Culture Devon reinforces the high expectations we have for ethical conduct by our employees through our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (“Code”). The Code sets out basic principles for all employees to follow and incorporates specific guidance on critical areas such as our prohibition of harassment and discrimination, our protocols for avoiding conflicts of interest and our policies related to laws, privacy, cybersecurity and confidential information. On an annual basis, Devon employees, as well as our directors and officers, are required to acknowledge and agree to abide by our Code and complete a training course on the Code and its related policies. We encourage our employees to help enforce the Code, and we maintain reporting systems that are designed to minimize concerns that reports will result tin retaliation. 8 Table of Contents Oil and Gas Properties Property Profiles Key summary data from each of our areas of operation as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 are detailed in the map below. Delaware Basin – The Delaware Basin is our largest and most active program in the portfolio with operations in southeast New Mexico and across the state line into west Texas. Over the past several years, we have built an position in this basin. Through a capital efficient drilling program, it offers exploration and development opportunities from many geologic reservoirs and play types, including the Wolfcamp, Bone Spring, Avalon and Delaware formations. With a significant inventory of oil and drilling opportunities that have development potential, Devon has a robust platform to deliver drilling programs for many years to come. At December 31, 2024, we had 15 operated rigs developing this asset in the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring formations. The Delaware Basin is our top funded asset and is expected to receive approximately 55% of our capital allocation in 2025. Rockies – Our Rockies development consists of our Williston Basin and Powder River Basin assets. Our position within these basins provides us with a deep inventory of opportunities. On September 27, 2024, we completed our acquisition of the Williston Basin business of Grayson Mill, which significantly expanded our operating position within the basin. Our position in the Williston is focused on the Bakken and Three Forks formations located across eastern Montana and western North Dakota. Our Williston Basin asset is a oil resource located in the core of the play and generates substantial cash flow. At December 31, 2024, we had three operated rigs developing the Williston Basin. 9 Table of Contents Our Powder River asset is focused on emerging oil opportunities in Wyoming's Powder River Basin. We are currently targeting several Cretaceous oil objectives, including the Turner, Parkman, Teapot and Niobrara formations. Recent drilling success in this basin has expanded our drilling inventory, and we expect further growth as we continue to this emerging opportunity. At December 31, 2024, we had one operated rig developing the Powder River Basin asset. Eagle Ford – Our Eagle Ford operations are located in Texas' DeWitt and Karnes counties, situated in the economic core of this south Texas play. Its production is leveraged to oil and has access to premium Gulf Coast pricing, providing for strong operating margins. At December 31, 2024, we had one operated and one rig developing this asset. Anadarko Basin – Our Anadarko Basin development, located in western Oklahoma, is one of the largest in the industry, providing substantial inventory optionality. We have an agreement with Dow to jointly develop a portion of our Anadarko Basin acreage and, as of December 31, 2024, we had a two rig program associated with this joint venture. Proved Reserves Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil, gas and NGLs which can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from known reservoirs under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations. To be considered proved, oil and gas reserves must be economically producible before contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain. Also, the project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence within a reasonable time. We establish our proved reserves estimates using standard geological and engineering technologies and computational methods, which are generally accepted by the petroleum industry. We primarily prepare our proved reserves additions by analogy using type curves that are based on decline curve analysis of wells in analogous reservoirs. We further establish reasonable certainty of our proved reserves estimates by using one or more of the following methods: geological and geophysical information to establish reservoir continuity between penetrations, analysis, analytical and numerical simulations, or other proprietary technical and statistical methods. For estimates of our proved developed and proved undeveloped reserves and the discussion of the contribution by each property, see Note 21 in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. The process of estimating oil, gas and NGL reserves is complex and requires significant judgment, as discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this report. As a result, we have developed internal policies for estimating and recording reserves in compliance with applicable SEC definitions and guidance. Our policies assign responsibilities for compliance in reserves bookings to our Reserve Evaluation Group (the “Group”). The Group, which is led by Devon’s Manager of Reserves and Economics, is responsible for the internal review and certification of reserves estimates. We ensure the Manager and key members of the Group have appropriate technical qualifications to oversee the preparation of reserves estimates and are independent of the operating groups. The Manager of the Group has over 15 years of industry experience, a degree in engineering and is a licensed professional engineer. The Group also oversees audits and reserves estimates performed by a qualified petroleum consulting firm. During 2024, we engaged DeGolyer and MacNaughton to audit 89% of our proved reserves. Additionally, our Board of Directors has a Reserves Committee that provides additional oversight of our reserves process. The committee consists of four independent members of our Board of Directors who collectively have skills and backgrounds that are relevant to the reserves estimation processes, reporting systems and disclosure requirements. 10 Table of Contents The following tables present production, price and cost information for each significant field in our asset portfolio and the total company. Beginning in 2024, the Williston Basin has been added as a significant field while the Anadarko Basin has been removed due to the acquisition of the Williston Basin business of Grayson Mill in the third quarter of 2024. Production Year Ended December 31, Oil (MMBbls) Gas (Bcf) NGLs (MMBbls) Total (MMBoe) 2024 Delaware Basin 80 268 45 170 Williston Basin 19 39 7 32 Total 127 438 70 270 2023 Delaware Basin 77 240 39 156 Anadarko Basin 5 87 10 30 Total 117 385 59 240 2022 Delaware Basin 77 222 38 151 Anadarko Basin 5 81 9 28 Total 109 356 54 223 Average Sales Price Year Ended December 31, Oil (Per Bbl) Gas (Per Mcf) NGLs (Per Bbl) Production Cost (Per Boe) (1) 2024 Delaware Basin $ 74.75 $ 0.59 $ 20.27 $ 7.95 Williston Basin $ 69.15 $ (0.34 ) $ 8.76 $ 11.61 Total $ 73.78 $ 0.91 $ 20.20 $ 8.76 2023 Delaware Basin $ 76.24 $ 1.70 $ 20.54 $ 7.67 Anadarko Basin $ 75.48 $ 2.34 $ 22.82 $ 9.30 Total $ 75.98 $ 1.83 $ 20.48 $ 8.87 2022 Delaware Basin $ 94.87 $ 5.44 $ 34.33 $ 6.58 Anadarko Basin $ 93.41 $ 6.36 $ 36.40 $ 10.10 Total $ 94.11 $ 5.47 $ 34.18 $ 7.92 (1) Represents production expense per Boe excluding production and property taxes. Drilling Statistics The following table summarizes our development and exploratory drilling results. Development Wells (1) Exploratory Wells (1) Total Wells (1) Year Ended December 31, Productive Dry Productive Dry Productive Dry Total 2024 (2) 290.8 — 47.2 — 338.0 — 338.0 2023 293.0 0.7 42.2 — 335.2 0.7 335.9 2022 263.8 — 47.3 — 311.1 — 311.1 (1) Well counts represent net wells completed during each year. Gross wells are the sum of all wells in which we own a working interest. Net wells are gross wells multiplied by our fractional working interests in each well. (2) As of December 31, 2024, there were 402 gross and 194 net wells that have been spud and are in the process of drilling, completing or waiting on completion. 11 Table of Contents Productive Wells The following table sets forth our producing wells as of December 31, 2024. Oil Wells Natural Gas Wells Total Wells Gross (1)(3) Net (2) Gross (1)(3) Net (2) Gross (1)(3) Net (2) Total 15,062 5,479 3,840 1,679 18,902 7,158 (1) Gross wells are the sum of all wells in which we own a working interest. (2) Net wells are gross wells multiplied by our fractional working interests in each well. (3) Includes 16 and 34 gross oil and gas wells, respectively, which had multiple completions. The operations of oil and gas properties are the responsibility of an operator designated under pooling or operating agreements. The operator supervises production, maintains production records, employs field personnel and performs other functions. We are the operator of approximately 8,132 gross wells. As operator, we receive reimbursement for direct expenses incurred to perform our duties, as well as monthly producing, drilling and construction overhead reimbursement at rates customarily charged in the respective areas. In presenting our financial data, we record the monthly overhead reimbursements as a reduction of G&A, which is a common industry practice. Acreage Statistics The following table sets forth our developed and undeveloped lease and mineral acreage as of December 31, 2024. Of our 2.4 million net acres, approximately 1.6 million acres are held by production. The acreage in the table below does not include any material net acres subject to leases that are scheduled to expire during 2025, 2026 and 2027. For the net acres that are set to expire by December 31, 2027, we anticipate performing operational and administrative actions to continue the lease terms for portions of the acreage that we intend to further assess. However, we do expect to allow a portion of the acreage to expire in the normal course of business. Approximately 15% of our total net acres are located on federal lands. Developed Undeveloped Total Gross (1) Net (2) Gross (1) Net (2) Gross (1) Net (2) (Thousands) Total 1,834 1,054 3,196 1,316 5,030 2,370 (1) Gross acres are the sum of all acres in which we own a working interest. (2) Net acres are gross acres multiplied by our fractional working interests in the acreage. Title to Properties Title to properties is subject to contractual arrangements customary in the oil and gas industry, liens for taxes not yet due and, in some instances, other encumbrances. We believe that such burdens do not materially detract from the value of properties or from the respective interests therein or materially interfere with their use in the operation of the business. As is customary in the industry, a preliminary title investigation, typically consisting of a review of local title records, is made at the time of acquisitions of undeveloped properties. More thorough title investigations, which generally include a review of title records and the preparation of title opinions by outside legal counsel, are made prior to the consummation of an acquisition of producing properties and before commencement of drilling operations on undeveloped properties. 12 Table of Contents Marketing Activities Oil, Gas and NGL Marketing The spot markets for oil, gas and NGLs are subject to volatility as supply and demand factors fluctuate. As detailed below, we sell our production under both (one year or more) and (less than one year) agreements at prices negotiated with third parties. Regardless of the term of the contract, the vast majority of our production is sold at variable, or , prices. Additionally, we may enter into financial hedging arrangements or contracts associated with a portion of our oil, gas and NGL production. These activities are intended to support targeted price levels and to manage our exposure to price fluctuations. See Note 3 in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report for further information. As of January 2025, our production was sold under the following contract terms. Variable Fixed Variable Fixed Oil 57 % — 43 % — Natural gas 61 % 3 % 36 % — NGLs 68 % 17 % 15 % — Delivery Commitments A portion of our production is sold under certain contractual arrangements that specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity. As of December 31, 2024, we were committed to deliver the following fixed quantities of production. Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years Oil (MMBbls) 21 16 5 — — Natural gas (Bcf) 438 186 122 75 55 NGLs (MMBbls) 9 9 — — — Total (MMBoe) 102 56 25 12 9 We expect to fulfill our delivery commitments primarily with production from our proved developed reserves. Moreover, our proved reserves have generally been sufficient to satisfy our delivery commitments during the three most recent years, and we expect such reserves will continue to be the primary means of fulfilling our future commitments. However, where our proved reserves are not sufficient to satisfy our delivery commitments, we can and may use spot market purchases to satisfy the commitments. Competition See “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Public Policy and Government Regulation Our industry is subject to a wide range of governmental regulation and oversight. Laws, regulations, taxes, fees and other policy implementation actions affecting our industry have been pervasive and are under constant review for amendment or expansion. Numerous government agencies have issued extensive regulations which are binding on our industry and its individual members, some of which carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. These laws and regulations increase the cost of doing business and consequently affect profitability. Public policy changes are commonplace, and changes to existing laws and regulations are frequently proposed or implemented. Moreover, it is often difficult to quantify all associated compliance costs as such amounts may be indistinguishable components of our general capital expenditures and operating expenses. Accordingly, we are unable to predict the future cost or impact of regulatory compliance, though we do not expect such compliance costs or impacts to affect our operations materially differently than other similarly situated companies. However, based on regulatory trends and increasingly stringent laws and permitting requirements, our capital expenditures and operating expenses related to environmental and other regulations have 13 Table of Contents increased over the years and will likely continue to increase. For more information on our environmental capital expenditures specifically, see the environmental, social and governance discussion earlier in this report. The following are significant areas of government control and regulation affecting our operations. For additional information on the Company’s regulatory risks, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Environmental Risks” of this report. Exploration and Production Regulation Our operations are subject to various federal, state, tribal and local laws and regulations relating to exploration and production activities, including with respect to: • acquisition of seismic data; • design, location, drilling and casing of wells; • hydraulic fracturing; • well production, and the gathering and transportation of such production; • spill prevention plans; • emissions and discharge permitting; • use, transportation, storage and disposal of fluids and materials incidental to oil and gas operations; • surface usage and the restoration of properties upon which wells have been drilled; • calculation and disbursement of royalty payments and production taxes; • plugging and abandoning of wells; and • endangered species and habitat. Our operations are also subject to conservation regulations, including the regulation of the size of drilling and spacing units or proration units; the number of wells that may be drilled in a unit; the rate of production allowable from oil and gas wells; and the unitization or pooling of oil and gas properties. Some states allow the forced pooling or unitization of tracts to facilitate exploration and development, while other states rely on voluntary pooling of lands and leases. Such rules often impact the ultimate timing of our exploration and development plans. In addition, federal and state conservation laws generally limit the venting or flaring of natural gas, and state conservation laws impose certain requirements regarding the ratable purchase of production. These regulations limit the amounts of oil and gas we can produce from our wells and the number of wells or the locations at which we can drill. Certain of our leases are granted or approved by the federal government and administered by the BLM or Bureau of Indian Affairs of the Department of the Interior. Such leases require compliance with detailed federal regulations and orders that regulate, among other matters, drilling and operations on lands covered by these leases and calculation and disbursement of royalty payments to the federal government, tribes or tribal members. Moreover, the permitting process for oil and gas activities on federal and Indian lands can sometimes be subject to delay, including as a result of challenges to permits or other regulatory decisions brought by organizations or other parties, which can hinder development activities or otherwise adversely impact operations. The federal government has, from time to time, evaluated and, in some cases, promulgated new rules and regulations regarding competitive lease bidding, venting and flaring, oil and gas measurement and royalty payment obligations for production from federal lands. EHS Regulations We strive to conduct our operations in a socially and environmentally responsible manner, which includes compliance with applicable law. We are subject to many federal, state, tribal and local laws and regulations concerning occupational safety and health as well as the discharge of materials into, and the protection of, the environment and natural resources. EHS laws and regulations relate to, among other things: • the discharge of pollutants into federal and state waters; • assessing the environmental impact of seismic acquisition, drilling or construction activities; 14 Table of Contents • the generation, storage, transportation and disposal of waste materials, including hazardous substances and wastes; • the emission of methane and certain other gases into the atmosphere; • the monitoring, abandonment, reclamation and remediation of well and other sites, including sites of former operations; • the development of emergency response and spill contingency plans; • the monitoring, repair and design of pipelines used for the transportation of oil and natural gas; • the protection of threatened and endangered species; and • worker protection. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations can lead to the imposition of remedial liabilities, administrative, civil or criminal fines or penalties or injunctions limiting our operations in affected areas. Moreover, multiple environmental laws provide for citizen suits, which can allow environmental organizations to sue operators for alleged violations of environmental law. Environmental organizations also can assert legal and administrative challenges to certain actions of oil and gas regulators, such as the BLM, for allegedly failing to comply with environmental laws, which can result in delays in obtaining permits or other necessary authorizations. In recent years, federal and state policy makers and regulators have increasingly implemented or proposed new laws and regulations designed to reduce methane emissions and other GHG, which have included mandates for new leak detection and retrofitting requirements, stricter emission standards and a fee on methane emissions. For example, in March 2024, the BLM adopted a rule that limits flaring and allows the delay or denial of permits upon a finding that an operator’s methane waste minimization plan is insufficient, although this rule is currently subject to litigation and halted in certain states. In addition, in December 2023, the EPA finalized more stringent methane rules for new, modified and reconstructed facilities and, for the first time ever, established standards for existing sources. Fines and penalties for violations of these EPA rules can be substantial. The rules have been subject to legal challenge, and may also be repealed or modified by the Trump Administration, though we cannot predict the substance or timing of such changes, if any. Item 1A. Ri sk Factors Our business and operations, and our industry in general, are subject to a variety of risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. If any of the following risks should occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially and adversely impacted. As a result, holders of our securities could lose part or all of their investment in Devon. Risks Related to Our Industry Volatile Oil, Gas and NGL Prices Significantly Impact Our Business Our financial condition, results of operations and the value of our properties are highly dependent on the general supply and demand for oil, gas and NGLs, which impact the prices we ultimately realize on our sales of these commodities. Historically, market prices and our realized prices have been volatile. For example, over the last five years, monthly NYMEX WTI oil and NYMEX Henry Hub gas prices ranged from highs of over $120 per Bbl and $9.50 per MMBtu, respectively, to lows of under $30 per Bbl and $1.50 per MMBtu, respectively. Such volatility is likely to continue in the future due to numerous factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: • the domestic and worldwide supply of and demand for oil, gas and NGLs; • volatility and trading patterns in the markets; • climate change incentives and conservation and environmental protection efforts; • production levels of members of OPEC, Russia, the U.S. or other producing countries; • geopolitical risks, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the and Hezbollah conflicts and hostilities in Yemen and the Red Sea, as well as other hostilities or political and civil unrest in the Middle East, Africa, Europe and South America; • adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophic events, such as tornadoes, earthquakes, hurricanes and acts of terrorism; 15 Table of Contents • pandemics (such as ) and epidemics of infectious diseases and other public health events, as well as any related governmental actions; • regional pricing differentials, including in the Delaware Basin and other areas of our operations; • differing quality of production, including NGL content of gas produced; • the level of imports and exports of oil, gas and NGLs and the level of global oil, gas and NGL inventories; • the price and availability of alternative energy sources; • technological advances affecting energy consumption and production, including with respect to electric vehicles; • stockholder activism or activities by organizations to restrict the exploration and production of oil and natural gas in order to reduce GHG emissions; • the overall economic environment, including inflationary pressures and fluctuations in interest rates; • market and geopolitical uncertainty as a result of shifts or potential further shifts in domestic and international policies following the 2024 U.S. presidential and congressional elections; • changes in trade relations and policies, such as (i) the imposition of tariffs by the U.S., China or other countries, (ii) environmental performance standards or similar fossil fuel import restrictions in certain international markets, (iii) economic sanctions, including embargoes, on Russia or other producing countries or (iv) restrictions on oil, gas and NGL exports by the U.S.; and • other governmental regulations and taxes. Estimates of Oil, Gas and NGL Reserves Are Uncertain and May Be Subject to Revision The process of estimating oil, gas and NGL reserves is complex and requires significant judgment in the evaluation of available geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir, particularly for new discoveries. Because of the high degree of judgment involved, different reserve engineers may develop different estimates of reserve quantities and related revenue based on the same data. In addition, the reserve estimates for a given reservoir may change substantially over time as a result of several factors, including additional development and appraisal activity and the related impact to spacing assumptions for future drilling locations, the viability of production under varying economic conditions, including commodity price declines, and variations in production levels and associated costs. Consequently, material revisions to our existing reserves estimates may occur as a result of changes in any of these or other factors. Such revisions to proved reserves could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and the value of our properties, as well as the estimates of our future net revenue and profitability. Our policies and internal controls related to estimating and recording reserves are included in “Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties” of this report. Discoveries or Acquisitions of Reserves Are Needed to Avoid a Material Decline in Reserves and Production, and Such Activities Are Capital Intensive The production rates from oil and gas properties generally decline as reserves are depleted, while related per unit production costs generally increase due to decreasing reservoir pressures and other factors. Moreover, our current development activity is focused on unconventional oil and gas assets, which generally have significantly higher decline rates as compared to conventional assets. Therefore, our estimated proved reserves and future oil, gas and NGL production will decline materially as reserves are produced unless we conduct successful exploration and development activities, such as identifying additional producing zones in existing properties, utilizing secondary or tertiary recovery techniques or acquiring additional properties containing proved reserves. Consequently, our future oil, gas and NGL production and related per unit production costs are highly dependent upon our level of success in finding or acquiring additional reserves. Our business requires significant capital to find and acquire new reserves. Although we plan to primarily fund these activities from cash generated by our operations, we have also from time to time relied on other sources of capital, including by accessing the debt and equity capital markets. There can be no assurance that these or other financing sources will be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to generate sufficient funds from operations or raise additional capital for any reason, we may be unable to replace our reserves, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Table of Contents Our Operations Are Uncertain and Involve Substantial Costs and Risks Our operating activities are subject to numerous costs and risks, including the risk that we will not encounter commercially productive oil or gas reservoirs. Drilling for oil, gas and NGLs can be unprofitable, not only from dry holes, but from productive wells that do not return a profit because of insufficient revenue from production or high costs. Substantial costs are required to locate, acquire and develop oil and gas properties, and we are often uncertain as to the amount and timing of those costs. Our cost of drilling, completing, equipping and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling commences. Declines in commodity prices and overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular project uneconomic or less economic than forecasted. While both exploratory and developmental drilling activities involve these risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. In addition, our oil and gas properties can become damaged, our operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled and the costs of such operations may increase as a result of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: • unexpected drilling conditions, pressure conditions or irregularities in reservoir formations; • equipment failures or accidents; • fires, explosions, blowouts, cratering or loss of well control, as well as the mishandling or underground migration of fluids and chemicals; • adverse weather conditions, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, severe thunderstorms and extreme temperatures, the severity and frequency of which could potentially increase as a consequence of climate change; • other natural disasters, such as earthquakes, floods and wildfires; • terrorism, vandalism, equipment theft, extreme activism directed against fossil fuel operations or assets, cybersecurity incidents and pandemics or other widespread health concerns; • issues with title or in receiving governmental permits or approvals; • restricted takeaway capacity for our production, including due to inadequate midstream infrastructure or constrained downstream markets; • environmental hazards or liabilities; • restrictions in access to, or disposal of, water used or produced in drilling and completion operations; • limited access to electrical power sources or other infrastructure used in our operations; and • shortages or delays in the availability of services or delivery of material or equipment. Many of the factors described above have negatively impacted and currently impact our operations and may do so again in the future. The occurrence of one or more of these factors could result in a partial or total loss of our investment in a particular property, as well as significant liabilities. Moreover, certain of these events historically have, and in the future could, result in environmental pollution and impact to third parties, including persons living in proximity to our operations, our employees and employees of our contractors, leading to possible injuries, death or significant damage to property and natural resources. For example, we have from time to time experienced events that have resulted in various remediation and costs and certain of the other impacts described above. In addition, we rely on our employees, consultants and independent contractors to conduct our operations in compliance with applicable laws and standards. Any violation of such laws or standards by these individuals, whether through negligence, harassment, discrimination or other misconduct, could result in significant liability for us and adversely affect our business. For example, negligent operations by employees could result in serious injury, death or property damage, and sexual harassment or racial, gender or age discrimination could result in legal claims and reputational harm. Our Hedging Activities Limit Participation in Commodity Price Increases and Involve Other Risks We enter into financial derivative instruments with respect to a portion of our production to manage our exposure to oil, gas and NGL price volatility. To the extent that we engage in price risk management activities to protect ourselves from commodity price declines, we will be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of commodity price increases above the prices established by our hedging contracts. In addition, our hedging arrangements may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, 17 Table of Contents including instances in which the contract counterparties fail to perform under the contracts. Moreover, many of our contract counterparties have become subject to increasing governmental oversight and regulations in recent years, which could adversely affect the cost and availability of our hedging arrangements. We Have Limited Control Over Properties and Investments Operated by Others or through Joint Ventures Certain of the properties and investments in which we have an interest are operated by other companies and may involve working interest owners. We have limited influence and control over the operation or future development of such properties and investments, including compliance with EHS regulations or the amount and timing of required future capital expenditures. In addition, we conduct certain of our operations through joint ventures in which we may share control with third parties, and the other joint venture participants may have interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the joint venture or us. These limitations and our dependence on such third parties could result in unexpected future costs or liabilities and unplanned changes in operations or future development, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, any bankruptcy involving, or any misconduct or other improper activities committed by, our business partners or other counterparties could negatively impact our own business or reputation. Midstream Capacity Constraints and Interruptions Impact Commodity Sales We rely on midstream facilities and systems owned and operated by others to process our gas production and to gather and transport our oil, gas and NGL production to downstream markets. All or a portion of our production in one or more regions may be interrupted or shut in from time to time due to losing access to plants, pipelines or gathering systems. Such access could be lost due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, weather conditions and natural disasters, terrorism or sabotage, cybersecurity incidents, accidents, field labor issues or strikes. Additionally, midstream operators have in the past been, and in the future may be, subject to constraints that limit their ability to construct, maintain or repair the facilities needed to gather, process and transport our production. Such interruptions or constraints could adversely impact our operations, including by requiring us to curtail our production or obtain alternative takeaway capacity on less favorable terms. Competition for Assets, Materials, People and Capital Can Be Significant Strong competition exists in all sectors of the oil and gas industry. We compete with major integrated and independent oil and gas companies for the acquisition of oil and gas leases and properties. We also compete for the equipment, materials, services and personnel required to explore, develop and operate properties, such as drilling rigs, well materials and oilfield services. The rising costs and scarcity caused by this competitive pressure will generally increase during periods of higher commodity prices and can be further exacerbated by higher inflation rates and supply chain disruptions in the broader economy, including as a result of tariffs or changes in trade policy. For example, we experienced higher operating costs throughout 2023 due to steep cost inflation. Although cost inflation moderated somewhat in 2024, such inflationary pressures could continue or increase in 2025. Competition is also prevalent in the marketing of oil, gas and NGLs. Certain of our competitors have resources substantially greater than ours and may have established superior strategic positions and relationships. As a consequence, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in bidding for assets or services and accessing capital and downstream markets. In addition, many of our larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to factors that affect demand for oil and gas production, such as changing worldwide price and production levels, the cost and availability of alternative energy sources and the application of government regulations. Legal, Regulatory and Environmental Risks We Are Subject to Extensive Governmental Regulation, Which Can Change and Could Adversely Impact Our Business Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, tribal and local laws and regulations, including with respect to environmental matters, worker health and safety, land and wildlife conservation, the gathering and transportation of oil, gas and NGLs, resource management and conservation policies, reporting obligations, royalty payments, unclaimed property and the imposition of taxes. Such regulations include requirements for permits to drill and to conduct other operations and for provision of financial assurances (such as surety bonds) covering drilling, completion and well operations and decommissioning obligations. If permits are delayed or not issued, or if unfavorable restrictions or conditions are imposed on our drilling or completion activities, we may not be able to conduct our operations as planned. Moreover, certain regulations require the plugging and abandonment of wells, removal of production facilities and other restorative actions by current and former operators, including corporate successors of former operators, which means that we are exposed to the risk that owners or operators of assets acquired from us (or our predecessors) become unable to satisfy plugging or abandonment and other restorative obligations that attach to those assets. In that event, due to 18 Table of Contents operation of law, we may be required to assume such obligations, which could be material. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and remediation costs as a result of these and other laws, regulations, permits and orders to which we are subject. Changes in public policy have affected, and in the future could further affect, our operations. For example, various policy makers have expressed support for, and have taken steps to implement, efforts to transition the economy away from fossil fuels and to promote stricter environmental regulations, and such proposals could impose new and more onerous burdens on our industry and business. The IRA, for instance, contains hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean fuels and carbon capture and sequestration, among other provisions, potentially further accelerating the transition toward emissions alternatives to fossil fuels. These and other regulatory and public policy developments could, among other things, restrict production levels, delay necessary permitting, impose price controls, change environmental protection requirements, impose restrictions on pipelines or other necessary infrastructure, raise taxes, royalties and other amounts payable to governments or governmental agencies and otherwise increase our operating costs. In addition, changes in public policy may indirectly impact our operations by, among other things, increasing the cost of supplies and equipment and fostering general economic uncertainty. Although we are unable to predict changes to existing laws and regulations, such changes could significantly impact our profitability, financial condition and liquidity, particularly changes related to the matters discussed in more detail below. Federal Lands – Federal policy makers have from time to time expressed support for, and have taken steps to implement, additional regulation of oil and gas leasing, permitting and development on federal lands. For example, the Department of the Interior adopted a final rule in April 2024 revising various terms for future federal leases and wells, including by enhancing bonding requirements and increasing royalty rates, rental rates and minimum bids. Moreover, organizations, trade groups and other private parties have filed lawsuits challenging leasing, permitting and other regulatory decisions relating to our and other industry participants’ oil and gas development on federal lands, which, if successful, could further hinder development activities or otherwise adversely impact operations. While it is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate impact of these actions or any other future regulatory changes, including any potential actions by the Trump Administration, any additional restrictions or burdens on our ability to operate on federal lands could adversely impact our business in the Delaware and Powder River Basins, as well as other areas where we operate under federal leases. Hydraulic Fracturing – Various federal agencies have asserted regulatory authority over certain aspects of the hydraulic fracturing process. For example, the EPA has issued regulations under the federal Clean Air Act establishing performance standards for oil and gas activities, including standards for the capture of air emissions released during hydraulic fracturing, and it previously finalized regulations that prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. Moreover, several state and local governments in areas in which we operate have adopted, or stated intentions to adopt, laws or regulations that mandate further restrictions on hydraulic fracturing, such as requiring disclosure of chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing, imposing more stringent permitting, disclosure and requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations and establishing standards for the capture of air emissions released during hydraulic fracturing. Beyond these regulatory efforts, various policy makers, regulatory agencies and political leaders at the federal, state and local levels have proposed implementing even further restrictions on hydraulic fracturing, including prohibiting the technology outright. Although it is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these or other proposals, any new restrictions on hydraulic fracturing that may be imposed in areas in which we conduct business could potentially result in increased compliance costs, delays or cessation in development or other restrictions on our operations. Environmental Laws Generally – In addition to regulatory efforts focused on hydraulic fracturing, we are subject to various other federal, state, tribal and local laws and regulations relating to discharge of materials into, and protection of, the environment. These laws and regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of remediating pollution that results from our operations or prior operations on assets we have acquired. Environmental laws may impose strict, joint and several liability, and failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations can result in the imposition of administrative, civil or criminal fines and penalties, as well as injunctions limiting operations in affected areas. Any future environmental costs of fulfilling our commitments to the environment are uncertain and will be governed by several factors, including future changes to regulatory requirements. Any such changes could have a significant impact on our operations and profitability. Water Disposal – Earthquakes in southeastern New Mexico, western Texas and elsewhere have prompted concerns about seismic activity and possible relationships with the oil and gas industry, particularly the disposal of wastewater in disposal wells. In addition, similar concerns have been raised about the potential connection between water disposal activities and certain surface uplift, subsidence and other ground movement in western Texas and other areas of industry activity. Increased regulation and attention given to water disposal activities could lead to greater efforts, including through litigation, to limit or prohibit oil and gas 19 Table of Contents activities relying on injection wells for produced water disposal. For example, New Mexico implemented protocols requiring operators to take various actions with respect to disposal wells within a specified proximity of certain seismic activity, including a requirement to limit injection rates if the seismic event is of a certain magnitude. Separately, the Railroad Commission of Texas has shown increasing regulatory focus on seismicity and the oil and gas industry in recent years, including by suspending all disposal well permits that inject into deep strata within the Northern area due to increasing seismicity concerns. These or similar actions directed at our operating areas could limit the takeaway capacity for produced water in the impacted area, which could increase our operating expenses, require us to curtail our development plans or otherwise adversely impact our operations. Tax Matters – We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income, capital and other taxes in various U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions, and our operating cash flow is sensitive to the amount of taxes we must pay. In the jurisdictions in which we or any of our subsidiaries operate or previously operated, income taxes are assessed on our earnings after consideration of all allowable deductions and credits. Changes in the types of earnings that are subject to income tax, the types of costs that are considered allowable deductions and the timing of such deductions, or the rates assessed on our taxable earnings could significantly increase our tax obligations, adversely impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, more generally, a change in any U.S. federal, state or local or foreign tax law, treaty, policy, statute, rule, regulation or ordinance, or in the interpretation thereof, in any jurisdiction in which we or any of our subsidiaries operate, or in which we or any of our subsidiaries are organized, could result in us incurring a materially higher tax expense, which would also adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, the IRA included a 15% CAMT on certain financial statement income, and the Organization for Economic and Development has adopted a set of model international tax rules known as the “Pillar Two” framework, a central component of which is the imposition of a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15% on certain multinational enterprises. While we are still assessing the potential impacts of the CAMT and the Pillar Two rules to our business, any incremental taxes attributable to CAMT, Pillar Two or any other tax law changes, or a change in our current interpretation thereof, could be significant and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, we are regularly audited by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable and properly supported, if one or more of our tax positions are challenged by the IRS or other tax authorities (in a tax audit or otherwise), material cash payments or adjustments to tax expense may occur, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Climate Change and Related Regulatory, Social and Market Actions May Adversely Affect Our Business Continuing and increasing political and social attention to the issue of climate change has resulted in legislative, regulatory and other initiatives, including international agreements, to reduce GHG emissions, such as carbon dioxide and methane. Policy makers and regulators at both the U.S. federal and state levels have from time to time imposed, or stated intentions to impose, laws and regulations designed to quantify and limit the emission of GHG. For example, in December 2023, the EPA finalized more stringent methane rules for new, modified and reconstructed facilities, known as OOOOb, as well as standards for existing sources for the first time ever, known as OOOOc. The final rule includes, among other things, enhanced leak detection survey requirements using optical gas imaging and other advanced monitoring, requirements for certain devices, and reduction of emissions by 95% through capture and control systems. The final rule also establishes a “super emitter” response program that allows third parties to make reports to the EPA of large methane emissions events, triggering certain investigation and repair requirements. Fines and penalties for violations of these rules can be substantial. The rules have been subject to legal challenge, although OOOOb is already in effect. Relatedly, the IRA imposed a new charge or fee with respect to excess methane emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas facilities starting in 2024 and annually increasing through 2026, and we cannot predict whether or how the Trump Administration may seek to revise or repeal these rules or the timing of any such actions. In addition to these federal efforts, the states where we operate have already imposed, or stated intentions to impose, laws or regulations designed to reduce methane emissions from oil and gas exploration and production activities, including by mandating new leak detection and retrofitting requirements. Policy makers have also advocated for expanding existing, or creating new, reporting and disclosure requirements regarding GHG emissions and other matters. For example, the EPA adopted amendments in May 2024 to its GHG Reporting Program, which, among other things, added well blowouts and other abnormal events as new categories of sources for GHG emissions reporting. In addition, the SEC finalized rules in March 2024 that require public companies to include extensive disclosures in their SEC filings, such as new disclosures on (i) material Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, including an independent assurance report, and (ii) financial statement information regarding the effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions. In April 2024, the SEC stayed the effectiveness of these rules pending the completion of a judicial review of certain legal challenges. Similarly, California enacted legislation in October 2023 requiring extensive disclosures for companies deemed to be doing business in California, and other states are considering similar laws. The European Union has also recently adopted a set of policy initiatives, including the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive, which impose expansive sustainability reporting and due diligence requirements for both European Union and certain 20 Table of Contents Union companies. While we are still assessing the applicability of the European Union directives and California legislation and are awaiting resolution of the review of the SEC climate change rules, we would expect to incur substantial additional compliance costs to the extent these or similar disclosure requirements apply to us. We further anticipate the costs and other risks associated with any such disclosure requirements to be particularly heightened, given that reporting frameworks on GHG emissions and other metrics are still maturing and often require the use of numerous assumptions and judgments. With respect to more comprehensive regulation, policy makers and political leaders have made, or expressed support for, a variety of proposals, such as the development of or carbon tax programs. At the international level, over 190 countries have signed the Paris Agreement, which requires member nations to submit GHG emissions reduction goals every five years. Subsequent United Nations climate conferences have called for additional action to transition away from fossil fuels or otherwise reduce GHG emissions. The Trump Administration the United States from the Paris Agreement in January 2025, and the United States’ participation in future United Nations efforts is unclear. At the state level, there have been attempts to introduce legislation whereby certain entities found responsible for contributing toward climate change over a period of time are required to pay into a fund used for projects. For example, in December 2024, New York passed its “Climate Superfund Law,” which provides for the assessment of a fee for emitters that have a sufficient nexus to the state and are found to have released more than one billion tons of carbon dioxide during 2000 through 2018. Vermont passed a similar law in May 2024, and similar legislation has been proposed in California, Massachusetts and New Jersey. We have been identified by New York as a potentially responsible party under the law; however, to date, we have not received any cost recovery demand. These and other initiatives could negatively impact our business through restrictions or cancellations of oil and natural gas activities, greater costs of compliance or consumption (thereby reducing demand for our products) or an impairment in our ability to continue our operations in an economic manner. In addition to regulatory risk, other market and social initiatives relating to climate change present risks for our business. For example, in an effort to promote a economy, there are various public and private initiatives subsidizing or otherwise encouraging the development and adoption of alternative energy sources and technologies, including by mandating the use of specific fuels or technologies. These initiatives may reduce the competitiveness of fuels, such as oil and gas. Moreover, an increasing number of financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital have restricted or eliminated their investment in oil and natural gas activities due to their concern regarding climate change. Such restrictions in capital could decrease the value of our business and make it more difficult to fund our operations. In addition, governmental entities and other plaintiffs have brought, and may continue to bring, claims against us and other oil and gas companies for purported damages caused by the alleged effects of climate change. The increasing attention to climate change may result in further claims or investigations against us, and heightened societal or political pressures may increase the possibility that liability could be imposed on us in such matters without regard to our causation of, or contribution to, the asserted damage or violation, or to other mitigating factors. Finally, climate change may also result in various enhanced physical risks, such as an increased frequency or intensity of extreme weather events or changes in meteorological and hydrological patterns, that may adversely impact our operations. Such physical risks may result in damage to our facilities or otherwise adversely impact our operations, such as if we are subject to water use curtailments in response to drought, or demand for our products, such as to the extent warmer winters reduce demand for energy for heating purposes. These and the other risks discussed above could result in additional costs, new restrictions on our operations and reputational harm to us, as well as reduce the actual and forecasted demand for our products. These effects in turn could impair or lower the value of our assets, including by resulting in uneconomic or “stranded” assets, and otherwise adversely impact our profitability, liquidity and financial condition. Our Environmental Performance Targets and Other ESG Initiatives May Expose Us to Risks We have developed, and may continue to develop, voluntary targets related to our ESG initiatives, including our environmental performance targets and strategy. Any public statements related to these initiatives reflect our current plans and expectations and are not a guarantee the targets will be achieved or achieved on the currently anticipated timeline. Additionally, such statements are often based on assumptions or hypothetical scenarios which are necessarily uncertain. Our ability to achieve any targets is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including market factors, unanticipated changes in societal behavior, capital constraints, the pace of technological advancement and governmental policies or priorities. Moreover, as emission measurement protocols mature and related technologies continue to develop, we may be required to revise our emissions estimates and reduction goals or otherwise revise the strategies outlined in our ESG initiatives. If our ESG initiatives do not meet our investors’ or other stakeholders’ evolving expectations and standards, investment in us may be viewed as less attractive and our reputation and business may be adversely impacted. 21 Table of Contents Additionally, public statements with respect to environmental targets or other goals are becoming increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities, as well as other parties, with respect to the risk of potential “greenwashing,” i.e., misleading information or false claims overstating potential ESG benefits. Certain regulators, such as the SEC and various state agencies, as well as organizations and other private actors have filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain ESG statements were misleading, false or otherwise deceptive. Conversely, “ ” sentiment has gained momentum among some governmental and private actors, and various federal and state policy makers have enacted or proposed “ ” policies, legislation and other initiatives, including efforts targeting certain practices and programs related to diversity, equity and inclusion. As a result, we may also face heightened scrutiny, reputational risk, lawsuits or market access restrictions from these parties regarding our ESG initiatives. Claims, Litigation, Audits and Other Proceedings, Including Relating to Historic and Legacy Operations, May Adversely Impact Us Devon is subject to claims, litigation, audits, investigations and other proceedings, including proceedings by governments, taxing authorities and other regulatory bodies, involving a 

[truncated]