Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 48 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 100 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 100 ITEM 9B. Other Information 101 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 101 PART III. 102 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 102 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 102 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 102 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 102 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 102 PART IV. 103 ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 103 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 103 Signatures 101 2 PART I. Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (“Broadridge” or the “Company”) may contain “ statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words such as “expects,” “assumes,” “projects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “we believe,” “could be,” “on track,” and other words of similar meaning, are statements. In particular, information appearing under “Business,” “Risk Factors,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” includes statements. These statements are based on management’s expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements include: • changes in laws and regulations affecting Broadridge’s clients or the services provided by Broadridge; • Broadridge’s reliance on a relatively small number of clients, the continued financial health of those clients, and the continued use by such clients of Broadridge’s services with favorable pricing terms; • a material security breach or cybersecurity attack affecting the information of Broadridge’s clients; • declines in participation and activity in the securities markets; • the failure of Broadridge’s key service providers to provide the anticipated levels of service; • a disaster or other significant slowdown or failure of Broadridge’s systems or error in the performance of Broadridge’s services; • overall market, economic and geopolitical conditions and their impact on the securities markets; • the success of Broadridge in retaining and selling additional services to its existing clients and in obtaining new clients; • Broadridge’s failure to keep pace with changes in technology and demands of its clients; • competitive conditions; • Broadridge’s ability to attract and retain key personnel; and • the impact of new acquisitions and divestitures. There may be other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. We can give no assurances that any of the events anticipated by the statements will occur or, if any of them do, what impact they will have on our results of operations and financial condition. You should carefully read the factors described in the “Risk Factors” section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause our actual results to differ from these statements. All statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, other than as required by law. 3 ITEM 1. Business The Broadridge Business Broadridge, a Delaware corporation, is a global financial technology leader powering investing, corporate governance, and communications. We deliver solutions to banks, , asset and wealth managers, public companies, investors, and mutual funds, that enable our clients to operate, innovate and grow. Our trusted expertise and transformative technology solutions help financial services companies enhance investor engagement, optimize trading and investing, and digitize communications. We operate our business in two reportable segments: Investor Communication Solutions and Global Technology and Operations. Investor Communication Solutions Our Regulatory Solutions, Fund Solutions, Corporate Issuer Solutions, and Customer Communications Solutions are provided as part of the Investor Communication Solutions segment. The Investor Communication Solutions segment is the larger of our two business segments and its revenues represented approximately 74% and 74% of our total Revenues in fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively, including the foreign exchange impact from revenues generated in currencies other than the United States of America (“U.S.”) dollar. See “Analysis of Reportable Segments — Revenues” under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We provide the following services and solutions through our Investor Communication Solutions segment: Regulatory Solutions We handle the entire proxy materials distribution and voting process for our bank, , corporate issuer and fund clients. We offer electronic and traditional hard copy services for the delivery of proxy materials to investors and collection of consents; maintenance of a rules engine and database that contains the delivery method preferences of our clients’ customers; posting of documents on their websites; email notification to investors alerting them that proxy materials are available; and proxy voting via telephone, online, mobile, or paper. We also offer proxy vote solicitation services for the registered clients of fund companies, efficiently managing the entire proxy campaign. In addition, we provide a complete outsourced solution for the processing of all international institutional and retail proxies, including shareholder disclosure management. We are actively extending our proxy voting and disclosure capabilities to support all models of tokenized securities ownership. We play an integral role in the beneficial proxy process. A majority of shares are not registered in companies’ records in the names of their ultimate beneficial owners. Instead, a substantial majority of all public companies’ shares are held in “street name, meaning that they are held of record by or banks through their depositories. Most street name shares are registered in the name “Cede & Co.” the name used by The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (“DTC”), which holds shares on behalf of its participant and banks. These participant and banks (which are known as “Nominees” because they hold securities in name only) in turn hold the shares on behalf of their customers, the individual beneficial owners. Nominees, upon request, are required to provide companies with the information of beneficial owners who do not object to having their names, addresses, and shareholdings supplied to companies, so called “ beneficial owners” (or “NOBOs”). Objecting beneficial owners (or “OBOs”) may be contacted directly only by the or bank. As DTC’s role is only as the custodian, a number of mechanisms have been developed in order to pass the legal rights DTC holds as the record owner (such as the right to vote) to the beneficial owners. The first step in passing voting rights down the chain is the “omnibus proxy,” which DTC executes to transfer its voting rights to its participant Nominees. Under applicable rules, Nominees must deliver proxy materials to beneficial owners and request voting instructions. 4 Given the large number of Nominees involved in the beneficial proxy process resulting from the large number of beneficial shareholders, we play a unique, central, and integral role in ensuring that the beneficial proxy process occurs without issue for Nominees, companies, funds, and investors. A large number of Nominees have contracted out the processes of distributing proxy materials and tabulating voting instructions to us. Nominees accomplish this by entering into agreements with Broadridge and transferring to us, via powers of attorney, the authority to execute a proxy, which authority the Nominee receives from DTC via an omnibus proxy. Through our agreements with Nominees for the provision of beneficial proxy services, we take on the responsibility of ensuring that the account holders of Nominees receive proxy materials on a timely basis digitally or in print, that their voting instructions are conveyed to the companies and funds conducting solicitations and that these services are fulfilled in accordance with the requirements of their particular solicitation. In order for us to provide the beneficial proxy services effectively, we interface and coordinate directly with each company and/or fund to ensure that the services are performed in an accurate and timely manner. As it would increase the costs for companies and funds to work with the Nominees through which their shares are held beneficially on an individual basis, companies and funds work with us for the performance of the tasks and processes necessary to ensure that proxy materials are distributed on a timely basis to all beneficial owners and that their votes are accurately reported. The SEC’s rules require public companies to reimburse Nominees for the expense of distributing stockholder communications to beneficial owners of securities held in street name. The reimbursement rates are set forth in the rules of organizations (“SROs”), including the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). We bill public companies for the proxy services performed, collect the fees, and remit to the Nominee its portion of the fees. In addition, the NYSE rules establish fees for certain services provided by intermediaries, such as Broadridge, in the proxy process. The preparation and delivery of NOBO information is subject to reimbursement by the corporate issuers requesting the information. The reimbursement rates are based on the number of NOBOs produced pursuant to NYSE or other SRO rules. The rules also determine the fees to be paid to intermediaries, such as Broadridge, who compile the NOBO information on behalf of Nominees who need to respond to corporate issuer requests for NOBO information. We provide institutional investors with a suite of global solutions and services to manage and vote their holdings, including meeting their reporting needs. ProxyEdge ® (“ProxyEdge”) is our institutional voting platform that allows institutional investors to view, manage and vote on their holdings, as well as generate reporting and access third party vote recommendations. Our Custom Policy Engine uses artificial intelligence (“AI”) to allow institutional investors to create, manage, and execute their own custom voting policies. Our Voting solution allows asset managers to vote their shares in underlying equities based on the policy or ballot preferences of their institutional and retail investors and our Proxy Disclosure solution allows institutional investors to create and file their required vote disclosures to fulfill their regulatory reporting obligations. In addition to our proxy services, we provide regulatory communications solutions that enable global asset managers to communicate with large audiences of investors efficiently and reliably by centralizing all investor communications through one resource. We provide composition, printing, filing, and distribution services for regulatory reports, prospectuses, and proxy materials, as well as mutual fund proxy solicitation services. We manage the entire communications process with both registered and beneficial stockholders and provide a complete platform for creating and distributing regulatory investor communications across multiple channels, including e-delivery, online, mobile, and print. These services include prospectus delivery and an solution to fund administrators and asset managers for composing, filing, and distributing tailored annual and shareholder reports, known as Tailored Shareholder Reports, that are and have embedded XBRL. Through our Fund Communication Solutions business, we provide fund managers with a single, integrated provider to manage data, perform calculations, compose documents, manage regulatory compliance, and disseminate information across multiple jurisdictions. Our solutions help fund managers increase distribution opportunities, comply with both United Kingdom and European Union regulations such as Solvency II and MiFID II, and make information easily accessible for investors in a digital format. We also provide support to fund managers with document and data dissemination in the UK and European markets, enabling the receipt by distributors and investors of information supporting fund sales. In addition to our fund solutions, we also provide a range of other regulatory communications solutions, including reorganization communications notifying investors of U.S. reorganizations or corporate action events, such as tender offers, mergers and acquisitions, bankruptcies, and global class action services for the identification, filing and recovery of class actions and collective redress proceedings involving securities and other financial products. 5 We also provide international corporate governance solutions that address our clients’ needs across Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) and the (“APAC”) region. These solutions include institutional and retail global proxy services for financial intermediaries, as well as shareholder disclosure management, data and analytics for both financial intermediaries and corporate issuers. Our international solutions help clients focus on their core businesses while helping them maintain compliance with applicable global and local regulatory requirements, reducing costs, improving efficiency and gaining valuable insights. Fund Solutions We provide a full range of analytics that help our asset management, , and retirement service provider clients grow revenue, operate efficiently, and maintain compliance. Our data and analytics solutions operate globally and provide data to power investment product distribution and predictive modeling, provide insights and research to enable asset managers to optimize product distribution across retail and institutional channels, and automate important tasks such as fund registration, commission payments and compliance monitoring. We also provide learning and development, software and technology, and data and analytics services to advisors, institutions and asset managers across the retirement and wealth ecosystem. We also provide automated mutual fund and funds trade processing services for financial institutions that submit trades on behalf of their clients, including qualified and retirement plans and individual wealth accounts. Our trust, trading and settlement services are integrated into our product suite, strengthening our role as a provider of insight, technology, and business process outsourcing to the asset management, wealth, and retirement industry. In addition, our marketing and transactional communications solutions provide a content management and distribution platform for marketing and sales communications for asset managers, insurance providers and retirement service providers. Corporate Issuer Solutions We provide a range of corporate issuer solutions that revolve around shareholder meetings and proxy, corporate governance, regulatory filings and disclosure, and stock transfer services. Our services provide corporate issuers a single source solution that spans the entire shareholder communications and corporate disclosure lifecycle. Our shareholder meetings and proxy services and our corporate governance services include a full suite of annual meeting and shareholder engagement solutions: • Proxy services – we provide complete project management for the entire annual meeting process including proxy materials distribution, vote processing, and tabulation for registered and beneficial holdings, including tokenized equities, through our ShareLink ® solution. In addition, we provide a Standing Voting Instructions service which enables our clients to offer their retail shareholders the ability to and automate their voting preferences for future eligible shareholder meetings. • Virtual Shareholder Meeting™ – electronic annual meetings via webcast, either on a basis, or in conjunction with annual meetings, including shareholder validation and voting services and the ability for shareholders to ask questions and for management to respond during the meetings. • Shareholder engagement tools – we offer tools for corporate issuers to help them better engage with their shareholders and other stakeholders in connection with the annual meeting process as well as on an ongoing basis throughout the year. These services provide aggregated shareholder data and analytics, shareholder delivery preferences, and voting trends. Our regulatory filings and disclosure solutions provide compliance reporting and transactional reporting services for public companies, including the following: • Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Filing Services: proxy and annual report design and digitization, SEC filing, printing, and web hosting services, as well as SEC reporting including document composition, EDGARization and XBRL tagging. • Capital Markets Transactional Services: typesetting, composition, printing, and SEC filing services for capital markets transactions such as initial public offerings, , acquisitions, and securities offerings. In addition, we provide transaction support services such as virtual deal rooms and translation services. 6 We also provide registrar, stock transfer, and services through our transfer agency services. Our transfer agency services address public companies’ need for more efficient and reliable stockholder record maintenance and communication services. In addition, we provide corporate actions services, including acting as the exchange agent, paying agent, or tender agent in support of acquisitions, initial public offerings, and other significant corporate transactions. We also provide abandoned property compliance and reporting services. Customer Communications Solutions We support clients across financial services, healthcare, insurance, consumer finance, telecommunications, utilities, and other service industries with customer communications management solutions. Our capabilities span transactional communications, such as statements and bills, marketing communications, including personalized campaigns and microsites, and regulatory communications, such as trade confirmations and explanations of benefits. Our services support both digital and physical delivery of critical customer communications. Our physical delivery services operate through a network of six highly automated production facilities across North America. The Broadridge Communications Cloud SM (the “Communications Cloud”) is a flexible platform designed to help organizations deliver a more seamless, personalized, and engaging client experience. The platform enables our clients to deploy the specific modules and delivery channels best suited to address their communication strategies while improving operational efficiency, streamlining communications management, and increasing customer engagement through open application programming interfaces and tools. Through the Communications Cloud, our clients can: • create transactional, regulatory, and marketing communications with dynamic, content designed to drive customer action; • deliver communications seamlessly across print, digital, email, short message service (“SMS”) and emerging channels, including interactive microsites, through a single integration; and • gain comprehensive reporting and analytics to optimize communications and increase engagement based on customer behaviors and preferences. In August 2025, we acquired Signal Agency Limited (“Signal”) to expand and globalize our digital customer communications capabilities, strengthen our presence in Europe, and further enhance our ability to help our clients modernize customer and investor communications. Global Technology and Operations Transactions involving securities and other financial market instruments can, for example, originate with an institutional or retail investor who places an order with a broker who in turn routes that order to an appropriate market for execution. At that point, the parties to the transaction coordinate payment and settlement of the transaction through a clearinghouse. The records of the parties involved must then be updated to reflect completion of the transaction. The transaction must comply with tax, custody, accounting, and requirements, and the customer’s account information must correctly reflect the transaction. The accurate processing of trading activity from its initial inception and custody activity requires effective automation and information flow across multiple systems and functions within the firm and across the systems of the various parties that participate in the execution of a transaction. Our Global Technology and Operations business provides , scale infrastructure to the global financial markets. We offer capital markets and wealth and investment management firms modern technology to enable growth, simplify their technology stacks, and mutualize costs across both traditional and tokenized assets. Our highly scalable, resilient, platform automates the transaction lifecycle of equity, mutual fund, fixed income, foreign exchange and derivatives, from order capture and execution through trade confirmation, margin, cash management, clearing and settlement, reference data management, reconciliations, securities financing and collateral management, asset servicing, compliance and regulatory reporting, portfolio accounting and services. Our Wealth Management business provides solutions for advisors and investors and streamlines back- and operations for by providing systems for critical activities, including books and records, transaction processing, clearance and settlement, and reporting. Our Investment Management business provides portfolio and order management solutions for traditional and alternative asset managers, which bring insights into trading, portfolio construction, risk, and analytics. Our solutions connect asset managers to a global network of for trade execution and matching and confirmation. In addition, we provide business process outsourcing services for our buy- and clients’ businesses. These services combine our technology, including agentic AI, with our operations expertise to support the entire trade lifecycle, including securities clearing and settlement, reconciliations, , wealth management asset servicing, and functions. 7 The Global Technology and Operations segment’s revenues represented approximately 26% and 26% of our total Revenues in fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively, which gives effect to the foreign exchange impact from revenues generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. See “Analysis of Reportable Segments — Revenues” under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We provide the following services and solutions through our Global Technology and Operations segment: Capital Markets Solutions Our capital markets platform and solutions deliver simplification and innovation across the full trade lifecycle, from order initiation to settlement. Our technology is a global solution, processing trades, clearance and settlement in more than 100 markets. Our technology enables our clients to meet the requirements of market change such as the T+1 securities settlement cycle, emergence of 24-hour markets, and the tokenization of assets. Our solutions enable global capital markets firms to access market liquidity, driving more effective market making and efficient trade processing. These services include data management, securities financing, lending, collateral management, trade and transaction reporting, reconciliations, financial messaging, and asset servicing. Our solutions can be deployed as a complete solution as well as discrete components supporting financial institutions. Through our Broadridge Trading and Connectivity Solutions business , we provide trading and connectivity solutions that enable global capital markets participants to connect and trade. Our solutions, product suite and other capital markets capabilities enable our clients to streamline their technology platforms and operations and increase efficiencies, across equities, fixed income, derivatives, and other asset classes. Our recent acquisition of CQG, Inc, (“CQG”), an execution management system provider to futures and options market participants, has expanded our execution management, algorithmic trading and market data capabilities and enhanced our market venue connectivity. Our Processing solutions provide a , platform serving institutional, correspondent clearing, proprietary trading, prime brokerage, custody and primary dealer clients. Our platforms support processing across a broad range of asset classes, including equities, ETFs, options, mutual funds, U.S. Treasuries, agencies, corporate and municipal bonds, securities, structured products, and foreign exchange. The core capabilities of our solutions include comprehensive books and records, clearance and settlement, position and margin management, cash management, asset servicing, client statements, tax reporting, and finance and accounting services. In addition, our distributed ledger repo solution (“DLR”) uses distributed ledger technology and smart contracts to automate repo lifecycle processing. This in turn drives greater liquidity, collateral mobility, and operational efficiency while driving cost savings for our clients. Wealth and Investment Management Solutions Our Wealth Management business delivers technology solutions, including digital marketing services to enable , regional, and independent and investment advisors to better engage with their customers and help grow their business. Our wealth solutions are designed to help optimize advisor productivity, improve investor outcomes, digitize operations, reduce friction in investing, increase financial literacy, and deliver more personalized advice and insights. We offer an integrated, modern wealth management platform through which we provide enhanced capabilities, integrating the use of AI, to improve the overall client experience across the entire front-, middle- and wealth management lifecycle, including advisor, investor, and operational workflows. This comprehensive wealth management platform streamlines all aspects of the service model, allowing our clients to digitally onboard customers, manage advisor compensation for multiple products and service models, and seamlessly transfer and service accounts. In addition, we provide , digital solutions to , financial advisors, insurers, and other firms with large, distributed salesforces. Our data aggregation solution helps financial advisors manage and build client relationships by providing customer account data aggregation, performance reporting, household grouping, automated report creation, document storage, and integration with popular financial planning and productivity applications. Our digital marketing and content capabilities leverage analytics and to enable financial advisors and wealth management firms to grow their businesses and deepen relationships with their customers. Financial advisors and wealth management firms can tap into our digital tools and library of content to personalize touchpoints to engage their customers and prospects across digital channels including websites, social media, email, and mobile. 8 Our Investment Management business services the global investment management industry with a range of technology solutions. Our asset management solutions are portfolio management, compliance, fee billing and operational support solutions such as order management, data warehousing, reporting, reference data management, and risk management and portfolio accounting for hedge funds, family offices, alternative asset managers, traditional asset managers, and the providers that service this space including prime brokers, fund administrators, and custodians. The client base for these services includes institutional asset managers, public funds, , or emerging managers through some of the largest global hedge fund complexes and global fund administrators. Our Strategy We earn our clients’ confidence every day by delivering real business value through leading solutions that help our clients get ahead of today’s challenges and capitalize on future growth opportunities. Our solutions harness people, technology, and insights to help transform our clients’ businesses by enriching customer engagement, navigating risk, optimizing efficiency, and growing revenue. As financial institutions look to transform and mutualize their but operational and support functions, we have the proven technology, scale, innovation, experience and, most importantly, the network to achieve this goal and meet their needs. Our strategy addresses critical industry needs by utilizing our leading platform capabilities. Specifically, our growth strategy is focused on three key themes: (i) driving democratization and digitization in governance, (ii) simplifying and innovating trading in capital markets, and (iii) modernizing wealth and investment management. Our business model We deliver technology and business process outsourcing services primarily through common operations platforms. We create layers of value for clients by harnessing network benefits, providing deep data and analytics, and offering a comprehensive suite of digital capabilities all on a single platform that enables deeper integration, streamlined onboarding, and better data access. Our offerings allow our clients to mutualize key functions and thereby reduce their costs. All of this translates into our core value proposition, to be a trusted provider of technology and services across a range of analytical, operational, and reporting functions. Strong positions in a large and growing financial services market Our technology and associates power the critical infrastructure and services behind investing, investment governance, and investor communications. We make our clients stronger, and through them, we enable better financial lives for investors around the globe. Our deep industry knowledge enables our clients to successfully solve complex technological and operational challenges, while adapting to the latest technology trends, market structure changes, and regulatory standards. While financial services firms have historically kept much of their technology infrastructure work , there are significant trends working in our favor. Specifically, financial services firms globally are spending more on technology, and the budgets allocated for such technology are consistently growing . Moreover, these firms are devoting a growing percentage of this spend to technology, operations, and services. As a trusted outside service provider, we can streamline and better integrate our clients’ infrastructure and business processes. We expect the efficiencies that result from such undertakings by Broadridge will lead to growth in the market for our solutions. Three attractive growth themes Our growth themes address client needs as described below. Through our integrated solutions and scalable infrastructure, we believe we are best positioned to address them. • Governance . We operate an extensive industry network through our governance platform that links , public companies, mutual funds, shareholders, and regulators. Through our platform, we continue to grow our governance solutions by transforming content and delivery and improving e-product capabilities to drive higher investor engagement. As the market evolves toward tokenized and digitally native securities, we are positioning our governance platform to support proxy voting, shareholder communications and issuer services across both traditional and tokenized infrastructures, which we believe creates meaningful growth opportunities. We aim to be an integral partner to , asset managers, and retirement service providers by offering solutions that help them grow revenue, reduce costs, and maintain compliance. We are also helping to simplify the governance process for public companies, offering an expanding suite of capabilities that allows them to better navigate the complexity of reaching shareholders. We continue to be a leading provider of investor communications and are at the forefront of delivering richer communication experiences. Our commitment to digitization is strong and we will continue to support our clients in their broader transition to a digital environment to improve engagement, efficiency, and compliance. 9 • Capital Markets. Global institutions have a strong need to simplify their complex technology environment, and our global, technology platforms address this need. As a leader in global trade lifecycle management, we are driving solutions that simplify our clients’ operations, improve performance and resiliency, evolve to global operating models, adapt to new technologies, and enable our clients to better manage their data. We continue to leverage emerging technologies such as blockchain and AI to deliver innovative solutions to our clients. Our DLR solution combines distributed ledger technology with existing market settlement infrastructure to provide clients with added flexibility to manage their liquidity needs and execute intraday repo transactions. Broadridge is also focused on launching new solutions through our expanded distributed ledger platform (“DLx”). In addition, we are incorporating agentic AI into our fully managed services, where Broadridge runs operations , or clients can deploy Broadridge’s agentic platform and technology directly into their own infrastructure. In addition, we have a number of solutions such as BondGPT with agentic capabilities and continue to develop new AI applications to create a more efficient trading process for our clients. We also continue to develop component solutions that meet the regulatory, risk, data, and analytics needs of our clients, while also helping to drive more efficient liquidity, price discovery, and improved execution for the firms we serve. We continue building on our global platform capabilities, enabling our clients to simplify and improve their global operations across cash, equity securities, and other asset classes. We are adapting our capabilities for tokenized securities and extended or continuous trading models, to support interoperability between traditional and digital infrastructure and to help clients operate in more , globally connected market environments. • Wealth and Investment Management. Wealth and investment management clients, including , regional and independent , investment advisors, insurance companies, and retirement solutions providers are all undergoing unprecedented change. These firms are in need of partners to help them navigate the demographic shift of advisors and investors, create more engaging client experiences, and deliver operational technologies that are essential to their business. These market dynamics are driving the need for more seamlessly integrated technology, as well as digital wealth and investment management solutions that better service advisors and investors. This can be achieved by simplifying and modernizing their complicated and interwoven legacy systems. To address these demands, we have developed a holistic wealth management platform solution that provides seamless systems and data integration capabilities. Our platform enables firms to improve advisor productivity, provide a more personalized investor experience, and realize operational process efficiencies. We have further bolstered our Wealth offerings in Canada by integrating advanced clearing and settlement, account , and tax and regulatory reporting capabilities directly into our platform. Our solutions also reduce complexity and capitalize on emerging technology to simplify operations across the trade lifecycle for hedge fund, private asset, and complex asset managers and their asset servicers. In addition, we have a comprehensive extension of these capabilities to additional asset classes and full integration of tokenized and traditional infrastructure. By integrating digital asset capabilities, we can help wealth firms move faster and unlock new opportunities in crypto, alternatives, and tokenized funds. Across our growth themes, we continue to expand our global footprint, driving international growth through both strategic investments and organic initiatives. These efforts reinforce our commitment to delivering scalable solutions to a growing and diverse global client base. for technologies and market structure Across financial services, the pace of change is only accelerating. Our clients understand that technology is a key driving force for change and efficiency and that there is a need among our client base to leverage this technology to address their critical business challenges. These evolving technologies are reshaping the financial market ecosystem, including the infrastructure, and we are proactively adapting our offerings and investing in capabilities designed to support our clients through these changes. Our clients face obstacles in making the necessary investments and, more importantly, in applying the right talent and intellectual capital, which may be focused on their most differentiating functions. This continues to create a differentiated ability for us to support our clients in the areas where we have scale and domain expertise, which includes areas such as AI, digitization, tokenization, blockchain, digital assets, and other new technologies. We are positioned to serve as a bridge between traditional and digital finance, as our capabilities are designed to support interoperability across both traditional and digital market models. Our longstanding digital communications capabilities, with digitization rates of over 90% for equity proxy communications as of fiscal year 2026, will continue to assist clients in their transition from paper to digital communications. In addition, our proven tokenization capabilities and digital infrastructure have supported the transformation of repo market activity, including approximately $7.5 trillion in monthly tokenized transactions in June 2026. As financial markets evolve to include tokenized and other digital assets, we believe our role as a trusted and transformative partner, together with our deep compliance, governance and operational expertise, positions us to help clients navigate this transition. We are building or further expanding our governance, capital markets and wealth capabilities to environments, including communications, proxy voting and distribution, regulatory reporting, digital transfer agency, digital asset trading, post trade reporting, wallet solutions, and full integration of our DLx platform. 10 By leveraging our services, firms can benefit from highly skilled, experienced personnel with deep industry expertise, while mutualizing the costs and risks of technology innovation. We approach innovation through three actions: experimenting, partnering, and engaging. In turn, we help our clients stay on the cutting edge and realize the benefits of modernization and the latest technology and operational capabilities at a quicker pace. High engagement and culture Broadridge is and has created and grown infrastructures across a variety of functions with high client satisfaction. We conduct a client satisfaction survey for each of our major business units annually, the results of which are a component of all our associates’ compensation because of the importance of client retention to the achievement of our revenue goals. We have built a talent network of engaged and knowledgeable associates dedicated to serving clients well, which in turn creates a real and sustainable advantage for our business. Supporting excellent client delivery takes engaged associates, and we are passionate about creating an environment in which every associate can thrive and build their knowledge and skills. All of this creates a culture that benefits our associates, our clients, and our stockholders. Clients We serve a large and diverse client base including banks, , mutual funds, retirement service providers, corporate issuers, and wealth and asset management firms. Our clients in the financial services industry include retail and institutional brokerage firms, global banks, mutual funds, asset managers, insurance companies, annuity companies, institutional investors, specialty trading firms, clearing firms, administrators, hedge funds, and financial advisors. Our corporate issuer clients are typically publicly held companies. In addition to financial services firms, we service corporate clients in healthcare, insurance, consumer finance, telecommunications, utilities, and other service industries, supporting their essential communications. We embrace the concept of the Chain, which directly connects employee engagement, client satisfaction, and the creation of shareholder value. In fiscal year 2026, we: • managed proxy voting for over 1 billion equity proxy positions; • processed over 8 billion investor and customer communications through print and digital channels; • processed on average over $18 trillion in tokenized and traditional securities trades per day; • provided fixed income trade processing services to 22 of the 26 primary dealers of fixed income securities in the U.S.; and • provided services to the 15 largest U.S. wealth providers. Competition We operate in a highly competitive industry. Our Investor Communication Solutions business competes with companies that provide investor communication and corporate governance solutions, as well as our clients’ operations. This includes independent proxy distribution service providers, transfer agents, proxy advisory firms, proxy solicitation firms, firms that process proxy votes, and financial printers. We also face competition from numerous firms in the compiling, printing and electronic distribution of statements, bills and other customer communications. Within our Global Technology and Operations business, our capital markets solutions compete with operations as well as vendors that provide trade processing, record keeping, and order and execution management systems. Similarly, our wealth management solutions compete with service providers that deliver data, technology solutions, and marketing services to be used by wealth advisors. Finally, our investment management solutions compete with firms that provide portfolio management, compliance, and operational support solutions for asset managers and hedge funds. Technology We provide products and platforms to the financial services industry and have several information processing systems that serve as the core foundation of our technology platform. We are committed to maintaining high levels of quality service through our skilled technical employees and the use of our technology within an environment that seeks continual improvement. 11 Our technology strategy is designed to provide high levels of availability, scalability, reliability, and flexibility, leveraging a hybrid model consisting of private and public cloud services as well as traditional data center services. Our technology architecture consists of systems and applications which operate in data centers that employ multiple active power and cooling distribution paths and redundant components. Additionally, these data centers provide infrastructure capacity to permit planned activities without disruption to processing the critical load, and, as a general matter, are designed to sustain at least one , unplanned failure or event without a significant critical load impact. Our geographically dispersed processing centers also provide disaster recovery and business continuity processing capabilities. Our applications that incorporate cloud technology operate on industry standard enterprise architecture platforms providing significant opportunities for horizontal and vertical scaling. This scalability and redundancy enables us to provide high degrees of system availability for our clients. Our technology connects industry participants across the financial services ecosystem, forming a network that includes capital markets firms, , asset managers, public companies, and investors. The data derived through these connections provides value to participants and is at the heart of our approach – which leverages this data to generate insights that drive innovation, address challenges, accelerate product development, and support decision making. We conduct annual reviews with many of our clients of our cybersecurity and data security policies, practices and controls, which, together with our ongoing engagement with regulators across the world, helps us keep pace with cybersecurity and data security standards and support our product development and technology decisions. For more information on our information security program, please refer to “Item 1C. Cybersecurity” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have integrated AI capabilities into several of our solutions and provide our associates with access to internal AI tools aimed at transforming our approach to the product development process and enhancing our overall productivity and efficiency. Our approach to AI looks to launch capabilities while protecting our clients’ and Broadridge’s data privacy and intellectual property. Product Development We manage a diverse portfolio of products and services across our core businesses. Our products and services are designed with resiliency, scalability, and flexibility so that we can fully meet our clients’ critical needs. These products and services are built to meet the many complex requirements of our clients in a highly efficient manner. Our product organization is committed to helping us grow, scale, and innovate. We do so by providing our product managers with the tools, processes, and capabilities to promptly deliver solutions that address key client needs. This empowers product managers with the insights they need to make decisions and prioritize resources effectively. We further accelerate innovation by entering into strategic relationships with clients and other third parties to accelerate product development or gain access to capabilities complementary to our product development efforts. To cultivate the talent behind these products, we invest heavily in fostering a thriving community of highly skilled product associates. This commitment is reflected in our leadership development programs and ongoing training opportunities. We are also focused on enterprise transformation with a focus on technologies. Our core strength lies in scalable, reusable platform components that empower developers and accelerate application delivery across the Company. This emphasis on unified product disciplines ensures business units have seamless access to top tier expertise. Furthermore, we leverage AI to unlock new commercial opportunities, enhance our product development approach and drive overall productivity. To fuel this continuous innovation, we employ a robust foundation with hosting optimized for security, scalability, and efficiency. This standardized technology stack, powered by enterprise tools, is fundamental to our strategy of delivering solutions with improved speed. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing products and services, taking into account input from clients, initiatives and regulatory changes affecting our clients. By focusing on these key areas, we aim to meet the evolving needs of our clients through our product and service offerings. Intellectual Property We own a portfolio of more than 180 U.S. and .S. patents and patent applications. We also own registered marks for our trade name and own or have applied for trademark registrations for many of our services and products. We regard our products and services as proprietary and utilize internal security practices and confidentiality restrictions in contracts with employees, clients, and others for protection. We believe that we are the owner or in some cases, the licensee, of all intellectual property and other proprietary rights necessary to conduct our business. 12 Regulation The securities and financial services industries are subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions. As a matter of public policy, regulatory bodies in the U.S. and the rest of the world are charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and with protecting the interests of investors participating in those markets. Due to the nature of our services and the markets we serve, these regulatory bodies impact our businesses in various manners. In the U.S., the securities and financial services industries are subject to regulation under both federal and state laws. At the federal level, the SEC regulates the securities industry, along with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”), the various stock exchanges, and other SROs. In addition, SEC rules require public companies to reimburse banks and for the expense of distributing certain stockholder communications to beneficial owners of securities held in street name, and those reimbursement rates, as well as fees that can be charged for proxy services are set by the NYSE. The Department of Labor (“DOL”) enforces the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”) regulations on plan fiduciaries and organizations that provide services to qualified retirement plans. As a provider of services to financial institutions and issuers of securities, our services, such as our proxy and shareholder report processing and distribution services, are provided in a manner that assist our clients in complying with the laws and regulations to which they are subject. As a result, the services we provide may be required to change as applicable laws and regulations are adopted or revised. We monitor legislative and rulemaking activity by the SEC, FINRA, DOL, and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), the stock exchanges and other regulatory bodies that may impact our services. If new laws or regulations are adopted or changes are made to existing laws or regulations that may impact how we provide services or the requirements driving the use of our services, we expect to adapt our business practices and service offerings to continue to assist our clients in fulfilling their obligations under new or modified requirements. Certain aspects of our business are subject to regulatory compliance or oversight. As a provider of technology services to financial institutions, certain aspects of our U.S. operations are subject to regulatory examination by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”), an interagency body of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the National Credit Union Administration, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Periodic examinations by the FFIEC generally include areas such as internal audit, risk management, business continuity planning, information security, systems development, operational resiliency, and vendor management to identify potential risks related to our services that could adversely affect our banking and financial services clients. In addition, our business process outsourcing, fund processing, registered fund distribution, and transfer agency solutions, as well as the entities providing those services, are subject to regulatory oversight. Our business process outsourcing and mutual fund processing services are performed by a , Broadridge Business Process Outsourcing, LLC (“BBPO”). BBPO is registered with the SEC, is a member of FINRA and is required to participate in the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”). Although BBPO’s FINRA membership agreement allows it to engage in clearing and the retailing of corporate securities in addition to mutual fund retailing on a wire order basis, BBPO does not clear customer transactions, process any retail business or carry customer accounts. BBPO is subject to regulations concerning many aspects of its business, including trade practices, capital requirements, record retention, money laundering prevention, the protection of customer funds and customer securities, and the supervision of the conduct of directors, officers, and employees. A failure to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations could result in censure, fine, the issuance of orders, or the suspension or revocation of SEC or FINRA authorization granted to allow the operation of its business or disqualification of its directors, officers, or employees. There has been continual regulatory scrutiny of the securities industry, including the outsourcing by firms of their operations or business functions. This oversight could result in the future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules with respect to business process outsourcing. As a registered and member of FINRA, BBPO is subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rule 15c3-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which requires BBPO to maintain a minimum net capital amount. 13 Matrix Trust Company (“Matrix Trust”) is a Colorado state chartered, trust company and National Securities Clearing Corporation trust member, whose primary business is to provide cash agent, custodial, and directed trustee services to institutional customers, and investment management services to its collective investment trust funds (“CITs”). As a result, Matrix Trust is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the Colorado Division of Banking and the Arizona Department of Insurance and Financial Institutions, as well as the National Securities Clearing Corporation. Specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain sheet items, when applicable, must be met. In addition, in connection with the offering of CITs, Matrix Trust acts as a discretionary trustee and an ERISA fiduciary. CITs are subject to regulation by the IRS, SEC, federal and state banking regulators, and the DOL, which impose a number of duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA. Matrix Trust is subject to regulation by the Colorado Division of Banking and the Arizona Department of Insurance and Financial Institutions which regulate CITs pursuant to guidance issued by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Matrix Trust maintains an Identity Theft Prevention Program as required by the Red Flags Rule under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Our transfer agency business, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, is subject to certain SEC rules and regulations, including regarding annual reporting, examination, internal controls, proper safeguarding of issuer and shareholder funds and securities, maintaining a written Identity Theft Prevention Program, and other obligations relating to its operations. Our transfer agency business is subject to certain NYSE requirements concerning operational standards as a transfer agent or registrar for companies and is also subject to IRS regulations regarding tax reporting and withholding. In addition, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions complies with all applicable trade control laws and regulations, including country/ sanctions and sanctions maintained by the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we do business. Finally, state laws govern certain services performed by our transfer agency business. In January 2026, we acquired Acolin Group Holdco Limited (“Acolin”), a European provider of fund distribution and regulatory services and included in the Company’s ICS reportable segment. Certain subsidiaries of Acolin are subject to supervision by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, “Bafin”) in Germany, and by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”) in Switzerland. Acolin is therefore subject to regulations concerning many aspects of its businesses, including conduct requirements, minimum capital requirements, laundering prevention, the protection of client assets where applicable, record retention, and the oversight of outsourced functions, as well as the supervision of directors, officers, and employees. Certain of our business units are required to comply with laundering (“AML”) laws and regulations in the U.S., such as the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (collectively, the “BSA”), the BSA implementing regulations of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”), a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the AML laws and regulation in Germany, such as the German Laundering Act, and similar laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions where we do business. Our U.S. business units are also subject to the relevant aspects of regulations and guidance published by FinCEN (as discussed below), which includes the Know Your Customer (“KYC”) requirements promulgated by FinCEN. Privacy and Information Security Regulations The processing and transfer of personal information is required to provide certain of our services. Privacy laws and regulations in the U.S. and foreign countries apply to the access, collection, transfer, use, storage, and destruction of personal information. In the U.S., our financial institution clients are required to comply with privacy regulations imposed under the Act (“GLBA”), in addition to other regulations. As a processor of personal information in our role as a provider of services to financial institutions, we comply with the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) Safeguards Rule implementing certain provisions of GLBA with respect to maintenance of information security safeguards. We perform services for healthcare companies and are, therefore, subject to compliance with laws and regulations regarding healthcare information, including in the U.S., the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”). We also perform certain payment services and agree to comply with payment card standards, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. In addition, federal and state privacy and information security laws, and consumer protection laws, which apply to businesses that collect or process personal information, also apply to our businesses. Privacy laws and regulations may require notification to affected individuals, federal and state regulators, and consumer reporting agencies in the event of a security breach that results in unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, certain personal information. Privacy laws outside the U.S. may require different compliance requirements than U.S. laws and regulations, and may impose additional duties on us in the performance of our services. 14 We are subject to privacy laws and regulations such as the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and its UK equivalent, and Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), and certain business lines are subject to data brokerage laws. The changing nature of global privacy laws could impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. We continually monitor privacy and information security laws and regulations and, while we believe that we are compliant with our regulatory responsibilities, information security threats continue to evolve, resulting in increased risk and exposure. In addition, legislation, regulation, litigation, court rulings, or other events regarding privacy and information security could expose Broadridge to increased costs, liability, and possible damage to our reputation. Legal Compliance Regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) of the U.S. Department of Treasury place prohibitions and restrictions on all U.S. citizens and entities, including us, with respect to transactions by U.S. persons with specified countries and individuals and entities identified on OFAC's sanctions lists and Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, which is a published list of individuals and companies owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, countries subject to certain economic and trade sanctions, as well as terrorists, terrorist organizations and narcotics traffickers identified by OFAC under programs that are not country specific. In Europe and other jurisdictions in which we operate, sanctions laws and regulations impose prohibitions and restrictions with respect to transactions and dealings involving certain countries, territories, individuals, and entities subject to economic and trade sanctions. These regimes generally include asset freezes, prohibitions on the making available of funds or economic resources, and restrictions on specific types of trade, financial services, and other business activities. We have developed procedures and controls that are designed to monitor and address legal and regulatory requirements and developments to protect against having direct business dealings with such restricted and prohibited countries, individuals, or entities. Compliance with global laws and regulations that are applicable to our businesses can be complex and may increase our cost of doing business in international jurisdictions. Our international business could expose us to fines and penalties if we fail to comply with these regulations. These laws and regulations include import and export requirements, trade restrictions and embargoes, data privacy requirements, labor laws, tax laws, regulations, U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting bribery and other improper payments or inducements, such as the U.K. Bribery Act. Although we have implemented policies, procedures, and training designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, vendors, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable laws and regulations, particularly as we expand our operations, including through acquisitions of businesses that were not previously subject to and may not have familiarity with laws and regulations applicable to us or compliance policies similar to ours. Any violations of sanctions or export control regulations or other laws could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, including the imposition of substantial fines and interest or prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services to one or more countries, and could also damage our reputation, our international expansion efforts and our business, and negatively impact our operating results. Human Capital Management As of June 30, 2026, we had approximately 16,000 associates in 28 countries. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. In some countries outside the U.S., we have works councils, or we are required by local law to enter into and/or comply with collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our employee relations are good. We are driven by the success of each of our associates, and we recognize that it is because of their hard work, talent, and commitment that we can continue to deliver outstanding results for our clients. That is why we strive to provide a workplace that fosters a collaborative and supportive culture where everyone feels welcomed, accepted, and empowered to be their best. At the center of our associate engagement efforts is the concept of the Chain, where engaged associates deliver service, which creates satisfied clients and, in turn, produces strong, value for stockholders. Our human capital strategies are developed and managed by our Chief Human Resources Officer, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer, and are overseen by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) and the Compensation Committee of the Board. Our Board believes that human capital management and succession planning are vital to our success. The Board annually reviews the Company’s leadership bench and succession planning. In addition, the Board receives regular updates on talent and other human capital matters. The Compensation Committee’s oversight includes initiatives and programs that concern our culture, talent, recruitment, retention, and associate engagement. 15 Associate Engagement We believe there is a direct connection between associate engagement and the satisfaction of our clients and the creation of stockholder value so we regularly conduct surveys to assess associate engagement and determine if and how perspectives have changed over time. Our surveys allow our associates to share their views on our workplace, the importance of various aspects of work life balance, among other topics. The themes and insights from our associate feedback are shared with our executive leadership and have been instrumental in shaping our workplace. In fiscal year 2026, we received an 82% overall favorable rating in the annual Great Place to Work survey. In addition, 85% of our associates stated that Broadridge is a “great place to work,” and we have received certification from Great Place to Work for our outstanding workplace culture in 16 countries: U.S., Canada, India, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Romania, Poland, Singapore, Japan, Germany, Hong Kong, Sweden, Czechia, France, Australia and the Philippines. In addition, we support several Associate Networks, where every associate at Broadridge has the opportunity to find peer support, shape company culture, receive mentorship from senior members, and develop their careers. While our Associate Networks each have a specific focus, membership is open to everyone at Broadridge. Talent and Development We believe that our associates are among our most valuable assets and fostering their professional development is a core part of our organizational culture. To support this, we provide our associates with a broad array of learning and development opportunities through Broadridge University, including online courses and both virtual and training programs. Our initiatives include career advancement programs from leading business schools, leadership development and global mentoring opportunities, technical upskilling academies, and a tuition reimbursement plan. We also encourage participation in external learning opportunities and industry events. These resources are designed to provide personalized development guidance and support associates at all levels in expanding their professional networks, gaining valuable skills and knowledge to excel in their current roles, preparing for future opportunities, and enhancing their leadership capabilities. We also empower associates to learn and grow as subject matter experts in areas related to our business, such as financial markets and AI. Our AI Academy is a voluntary program that offers foundational, applied, and advanced learning paths, courses, and workshops for our associates to establish a robust foundation in AI. In fiscal year 2026, approximately 5,000 associates participated in our AI Academy, completing more than 11,000 courses in the aggregate. In turn, this enables our associates to better serve our clients while also adding value to their own career development and skill sets. In addition to education, we also require all associates to complete a variety of annual trainings that reinforce our commitment to high ethical standards and a culture of honesty, integrity, and compliance. Health, Safety and Wellness We are committed to providing a safe workplace. We continuously strive to meet or exceed all laws, regulations, and accepted practices pertaining to workplace safety. We have developed extensive safety policies, standards, and procedures to which all associates are required to comply. Our policies are based on both U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration standards and guidelines to ensure that associates work in a safe and healthy environment. At our Edgewood, New York facility, we have an Wellness Center staffed with physicians, nurse practitioners and physician assistants who provide medical services at no cost to our associates. In addition, we are committed to providing competitive health and wellness benefits to our associates. We recognize the importance of balance and have designed our workplace to provide associates with flexible on- and work options. Our other health and wellness benefits include subsidized emergency backup care services for our U.S.-based associates, various educational health and wellness programs and webinars, and an employee assistance program, which provides free counseling and other mental health services. 16 Associate Compensation and Benefits We have demonstrated a history of investing in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages. We offer various types of compensation, which vary by associate role and country/region, and which may include annual bonuses, stock awards, and retirement savings plans. Also, a portion of every associate’s incentive compensation is tied to client satisfaction goals, which reinforces our commitment to the Chain and rewards associates for their contributions to Broadridge’s overall client satisfaction performance. In addition we offer the following benefits, which may vary by country/region: healthcare and insurance benefits, tax efficient or savings programs, such as health and dependent care flexible spending accounts, health savings account, pretax commuter benefits or green transport tax savings programs, paid time off, including volunteer time off, paid parental leave, and sick time off, life and disability insurance, business travel accident insurance, charitable gift matching, and tuition assistance, among others. Available Information Our headquarters are located at 5 Dakota Drive, Lake Success, New York 11042, and our telephone number is (516) 472-5400. We maintain an Investor Relations website at www. .com. We make available free of charge, on or through this website, our annual, quarterly and current reports, and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable following the time they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. To access these reports, just click on the “Financials” link found at the top of our Investor Relations page. You can also access our Investor Relations page at www. .com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 17 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference herein. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the following information identifies the most significant factors affecting our company. However, additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our clients are subject to complex laws and regulations, and new laws or regulations and/or changes to existing laws or regulations could impact our clients and, in turn, adversely impact our business or may reduce our profitability. We provide technology solutions to financial services firms that are generally subject to extensive regulation globally. As a provider of products and services to financial institutions and issuers of securities, our products and services are provided in a manner designed to assist our clients in complying with the laws and regulations to which they are subject. Changes in laws and regulations could require changes in the services we provide, the manner in which we provide our services, and the fees we charge for our services, or they could result in a reduction or elimination of the demand for our services. Such changes in laws or regulations could result in a material negative impact on our business and financial results. Some of our services and related fees, such as our proxy communications, shareholder report and prospectus distribution, and other regulatory or customer communications services, are particularly sensitive to changes in laws and regulations, including those governing the financial services industry and the securities markets such as applicable SEC or stock exchange rules, regulations or interpretations. For example, the SEC’s recently proposed Regulation E-Delivery would permit our clients to change the default delivery method for certain communications required under the federal securities laws from paper to electronic delivery. If the rule is adopted as proposed, the volume of physically delivered communications we process would decrease. While the volume of electronic delivery of communications we process is expected to increase, our recurring revenue growth and distribution revenues will decrease, which could result in a decrease in our earnings and the potential restructuring of our physical distribution operations. The regulatory framework governing tokenized securities and other digital assets continues to evolve in the U.S. and internationally. Currently, there is no uniform approach to the regulatory treatment of these assets, and changes in their classification or regulation, or in broader regulatory positions regarding such assets, could affect the pace of market adoption, alter the obligations of our clients, intermediaries, and service providers, and require us to modify our business model, products, or services in ways that are difficult to predict. This uncertainty could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, new regulations governing our clients could result in significant expenditures that could cause them to reduce their use of our services, seek to renegotiate existing agreements, cease or curtail their operations, or otherwise alter their business relationship with us, all of which could adversely impact our business. Further, an adverse regulatory action that changes a client’s business or adversely affects its financial condition could decrease their ability to purchase, or their demand for our products and services. The loss, or significant reduction, of business from any of our larger clients could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Consolidation in the financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and could make us increasingly dependent on a more limited number of clients. There has been and may continue to be consolidation activity in the financial services industry. These mergers or consolidations of financial institutions could reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. For example, in the past few years alone there have been several major consolidations involving our clients. When our clients merge with or are acquired by other firms that are not our clients, or firms that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our services. In addition, it is possible that the larger financial institutions resulting from mergers or consolidations could decide to perform some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide to them. If we are unable to mitigate the impact of a loss or reduction of business resulting from a client consolidation, we could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. A large percentage of our revenues are derived from a small number of clients in the financial services industry and the loss of any of such clients, a reduction of their demand for our services, or change in the method of delivery of our services could have a material impact on our financial results. In fiscal year 2026, our largest client accounted for approximately 7% of our consolidated revenues. While our clients generally work with multiple business segments, the loss of business from any of our larger clients due to merger or consolidation, financial difficulties or bankruptcy, or the termination or of contracts could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Also, a delay in onboarding a client onto our technology would result in a delay in our recognition of revenue from that client. Further, in the event of the loss of a client’s business, a reduction of a 18 client’s demand for our services, or a change in the method of delivery of our services, then in addition to losing the revenue from that client, we could be required to all or a portion of the related client investments or accelerate the amortization of certain costs, including costs incurred to onboard a client or convert a client’s systems to function with our technology. Such costs for all clients represented approximately 9% of our total assets as of June 30, 2026, with one client representing a large portion of this amount. See Note 3, “Revenue Recognition” and Note 12, “Deferred Client Conversion and Costs” to our consolidated financial statements for more information. Security breaches or cybersecurity incidents could adversely affect our financial results and ability to operate, could result in personal, confidential or proprietary information being misappropriated, and may cause us to be held liable or suffer harm to our reputation. We process and transfer sensitive data, including personal information, valuable intellectual property and other proprietary or confidential data provided to us by our clients, which include financial institutions, public companies, mutual funds, and healthcare companies. We also handle personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. Some of our services are provided through the internet, which increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. Information security threats continue to evolve, such as the increasing availability and adoption of AI technologies by malicious actors, resulting in increased risk and exposure and increased costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches. These capabilities have accelerated the sophistication and frequency of cybersecurity threats and may make it more difficult to detect, preve

[truncated]