Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” includes statements. These statements are based on management’s expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements include: • changes in laws and regulations affecting Broadridge’s clients or the services provided by Broadridge; • Broadridge’s reliance on a relatively small number of clients, the continued financial health of those clients, and the continued use by such clients of Broadridge’s services with favorable pricing terms; • a material security breach or cybersecurity attack affecting the information of Broadridge’s clients; • declines in participation and activity in the securities markets; • the failure of Broadridge’s key service providers to provide the anticipated levels of service; • a disaster or other significant slowdown or failure of Broadridge’s systems or error in the performance of Broadridge’s services; • overall market, economic and geopolitical conditions and their impact on the securities markets; • the success of Broadridge in retaining and selling additional services to its existing clients and in obtaining new clients; • Broadridge’s failure to keep pace with changes in technology and demands of its clients; • competitive conditions; • Broadridge’s ability to attract and retain key personnel; and • the impact of new acquisitions and divestitures. There may be other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. We can give no assurances that any of the events anticipated by the statements will occur or, if any of them do, what impact they will have on our results of operations and financial condition. You should carefully read the factors described in the “Risk Factors” section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2025 (the “2025 Annual Report”) for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause our actual results to differ from these statements. All statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Current Report on Form 8-K. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, other than as required by law. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. May 6, 2026 Investor Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File – the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: May 6, 2026 BROADRIDGE FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS, INC. By: /s/ Ashima Ghei Ashima Ghei Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer