Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 52 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 54 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 98 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 98 ITEM 9B. Other Information 99 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 99 PART III. 100 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 100 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 100 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 100 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 100 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 100 PART IV. 101 ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 101 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 101 Signatures 101 2 PART I. Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (“Broadridge” or the “Company”) may contain “ statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words such as “expects,” “assumes,” “projects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “we believe,” “could be,” “on track,” and other words of similar meaning, are statements. In particular, information appearing under “Business,” “Risk Factors,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” includes statements. These statements are based on management’s expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements include: • changes in laws and regulations affecting Broadridge’s clients or the services provided by Broadridge; • Broadridge’s reliance on a relatively small number of clients, the continued financial health of those clients, and the continued use by such clients of Broadridge’s services with favorable pricing terms; • a material security breach or cybersecurity attack affecting the information of Broadridge’s clients; • declines in participation and activity in the securities markets; • the failure of Broadridge’s key service providers to provide the anticipated levels of service; • a disaster or other significant slowdown or failure of Broadridge’s systems or error in the performance of Broadridge’s services; • overall market, economic and geopolitical conditions and their impact on the securities markets; • the success of Broadridge in retaining and selling additional services to its existing clients and in obtaining new clients; • Broadridge’s failure to keep pace with changes in technology and demands of its clients; • competitive conditions; • Broadridge’s ability to attract and retain key personnel; and • the impact of new acquisitions and divestitures. There may be other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. We can give no assurances that any of the events anticipated by the statements will occur or, if any of them do, what impact they will have on our results of operations and financial condition. You should carefully read the factors described in the “Risk Factors” section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause our actual results to differ from these statements. All statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, other than as required by law. 3 ITEM 1. Business The Broadridge Business Broadridge, a Delaware corporation and a part of the S&P 500 ® Index (“S&P”), is a global financial technology leader powering investing, corporate governance, and communications. We deliver solutions to banks, , asset and wealth managers, public companies, investors, and mutual funds, that enable our clients to operate, innovate and grow. Our trusted expertise and transformative technology provide the infrastructure and data to help improve our clients’ business performance and operational efficiency and modernize the investor experience. We operate our business in two reportable segments: Investor Communication Solutions and Global Technology and Operations. Investor Communication Solutions Our Regulatory Solutions, Fund Solutions, Corporate Issuer Solutions, and Customer Communications Solutions are provided as part of the Investor Communication Solutions segment. The Investor Communication Solutions segment is the larger of our two business segments and its revenues represented approximately 75% and 75% of our total Revenues in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively, including the foreign exchange impact from revenues generated in currencies other than the United States of America (“U.S.”) dollar. See “Analysis of Reportable Segments — Revenues” under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We provide the following services and solutions through our Investor Communication Solutions segment: Regulatory Solutions We handle the entire proxy materials distribution and voting process for our bank, , corporate issuer and fund clients. We offer electronic and traditional hard copy services for the delivery of proxy materials to investors and collection of consents; maintenance of a rules engine and database that contains the delivery method preferences of our clients’ customers; posting of documents on their websites; email notification to investors alerting them that proxy materials are available; and proxy voting via paper, telephone, online or mobile app. We have the ability to combine stockholder communications for multiple stockholders residing at the same address which we accomplish by having ascertained the delivery preferences of investors. We also offer proxy vote solicitation services for the registered clients of fund companies, efficiently managing the entire proxy campaign. In addition, we provide a complete outsourced solution for the processing of all international institutional and retail proxies, including shareholder disclosure management. A majority of shares are not registered in companies’ records in the names of their ultimate beneficial owners. Instead, a substantial majority of all public companies’ shares are held in “street name,” meaning that they are held of record by or banks through their depositories. Most street name shares are registered in the name “Cede & Co.,” the name used by The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”), which holds shares on behalf of its participant and banks. These participant and banks (which are known as “Nominees” because they hold securities in name only) in turn hold the shares on behalf of their customers, the individual beneficial owners. Nominees, upon request, are required to provide companies with the information of beneficial owners who do not object to having their names, addresses, and shareholdings supplied to companies, so called “ beneficial owners” (or “NOBOs”). Objecting beneficial owners (or “OBOs”) may be contacted directly only by the or bank. As DTCC’s role is only as the custodian, a number of mechanisms have been developed in order to pass the legal rights it holds as the record owner (such as the right to vote) to the beneficial owners. The first step in passing voting rights down the chain is the “omnibus proxy,” which DTCC executes to transfer its voting rights to its participant Nominees. Under applicable rules, Nominees must deliver proxy materials to beneficial owners and request voting instructions. 4 Given the large number of Nominees involved in the beneficial proxy process resulting from the large number of beneficial shareholders, we play a unique, central, and integral role in ensuring that the beneficial proxy process occurs without issue for Nominees, companies, funds, and investors. A large number of Nominees have contracted out the processes of distributing proxy materials and tabulating voting instructions to us. Nominees accomplish this by entering into agreements with Broadridge and transferring to us via powers of attorney the authority to execute a proxy, which authority the Nominee receives from the DTCC via an omnibus proxy. Through our agreements with Nominees for the provision of beneficial proxy services, we take on the responsibility of ensuring that the account holders of Nominees receive proxy materials on a timely basis digitally or in print, that their voting instructions are conveyed to the companies and funds conducting solicitations and that these services are fulfilled in accordance with the requirements of their particular solicitation. In order for us to provide the beneficial proxy services effectively, we interface and coordinate directly with each company and/or fund to ensure that the services are performed in an accurate and timely manner. As it would increase the costs for companies and funds to work with all of the Nominees through which their shares are held beneficially, companies and funds work with us for the performance of all the tasks and processes necessary to ensure that proxy materials are distributed on a timely basis to all beneficial owners and that their votes are accurately reported. The SEC’s rules require public companies to reimburse Nominees for the expense of distributing stockholder communications to beneficial owners of securities held in street name. The reimbursement rates are set forth in the rules of organizations (“SROs”), including the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). We bill public companies for the proxy services performed, collect the fees, and remit to the Nominee its portion of the fees. In addition, the NYSE rules establish fees for certain services provided by intermediaries such as Broadridge in the proxy process. The preparation and delivery of NOBO information is subject to reimbursement by the corporate issuers requesting the information. The reimbursement rates are based on the number of NOBOs produced pursuant to NYSE or other SRO rules. The rules also determine the fees to be paid to intermediaries, such as Broadridge, who compile the NOBO information on behalf of Nominees who need to respond to corporate issuer requests for NOBO information. We provide institutional investors with a suite of services to manage and track the entire proxy voting process, including meeting their reporting needs. ProxyEdge ® (“ProxyEdge”) is our innovative electronic proxy delivery and voting solution for institutional investors and financial advisors that integrates ballots for positions held across multiple custodians and presents them under a single proxy. Voting can be instructed for the entire position, by account vote group, or on an individual account basis either manually or automatically based on the recommendations of participating governance research providers. ProxyEdge also provides for client reporting and regulatory reporting. ProxyEdge can be utilized for meetings of U.S. and Canadian companies and for meetings in many American countries based on the holdings of our global custodian clients. ProxyEdge is offered in several languages and there are currently over 7,000 ProxyEdge users worldwide. In addition to our proxy services, we provide regulatory communications solutions that enable global asset managers to communicate with large audiences of investors efficiently and reliably by centralizing all investor communications through one resource. We provide composition, printing, filing, and distribution services for regulatory reports, prospectuses, and proxy materials, as well as mutual fund proxy solicitation services. We manage the entire communications process with both registered and beneficial stockholders and provide a complete platform for creating and distributing regulatory investor communications across multiple channels, including print, e-delivery, online, and mobile. These services include prospectus delivery and the distribution of annual and shareholder reports. Our clients have the ability to create and distribute these communications via print, e-delivery, online, and mobile. In addition to our fund solutions, we also provide a range of other regulatory communications solutions, including reorganization communications notifying investors of U.S. reorganizations or corporate action events such as tender offers, mergers and acquisitions, bankruptcies, and global class action services for the identification, filing and recovery of class actions and collective redress proceedings involving securities and other financial products. Our voting solutions support fund clients in providing individual investors the ability to participate in the proxy voting process, helping them to expand their investor engagement efforts and receive valuable input for important investment decisions. Broadridge’s institutional solution helps asset managers split the vote in portfolio companies and pass directly to institutional investors on a proportional basis. For retail investors, our solutions allow funds to poll their investors on voting preferences and provides investors the ability to give voting instructions, set standard voting preferences, or potentially cast a vote at meetings. In addition, we provide international corporate governance solutions addressing our clients’ needs within Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) and the (“APAC”) region. These solutions include institutional and retail global proxy services and shareholder data and analytics. Our international solutions help clients sharpen focus on their core businesses while helping them maintain global regulatory compliance, reduce costs, improve efficiency and gain data insights. 5 Fund Solutions We provide a full range of solutions that help our asset management and retirement service provider clients grow revenue, operate efficiently, and maintain compliance. Our data and analytics solutions provide investment product distribution data, predictive modeling, analytical tools, and insights and research to enable asset managers to optimize product distribution across retail and institutional channels globally. We also provide learning and development, software and technology, and data and analytics services to advisors, institutions and asset managers across the retirement and wealth ecosystem. Through our Fund Communication Solutions business, we provide fund managers with a single, integrated provider to manage data, perform calculations, compose documents, manage regulatory compliance, and disseminate information across multiple jurisdictions. Our solutions help fund managers increase distribution opportunities, comply with both United Kingdom and European Union regulations such as Solvency II and MiFID II, and make information easily accessible for investors in a digital format. We also provide support to fund managers with document and data dissemination in the European market. This enables the receipt by distributors and investors of complete, accurate, and timely information supporting fund sales. Through our Retirement and Workplace Solutions business (“Broadridge Retirement and Workplace”), we provide automated mutual fund and funds trade processing services for financial institutions that submit trades on behalf of their clients such as qualified and retirement plans and individual wealth accounts. Our trust, trading and settlement services are integrated into our product suite thereby strengthening Broadridge’s role as a provider of insight, technology, and business process outsourcing to the asset management, wealth, and retirement industry. In addition, our marketing and transactional communications solutions provide a content management and distribution platform for marketing and sales communications for asset managers, insurance providers and retirement service providers. Corporate Issuer Solutions We provide governance and communications services to corporate issuers supporting a full range of public company functions, including the annual meeting of stockholders, SEC reporting, capital markets transactions, transfer agency, shareholder engagement, and ESG solutions. Our services provide corporate issuers a single source solution that spans the entire corporate disclosure and shareholder communications lifecycle. Our governance and communications services include a full suite of annual meeting and shareholder engagement solutions: • Proxy services – we provide complete project management for the entire annual meeting process including registered and beneficial proxy materials distribution, vote processing, and tabulation through our ShareLink ® solution. • Virtual Shareholder Meeting™ – electronic annual meetings via webcast, either on a basis, or in conjunction with annual meetings, including shareholder validation and voting services and the ability for shareholders to ask questions and for management to respond during the meetings. • We offer tools for corporate issuers to help them better engage with their shareholders and other stakeholders in connection with the annual meeting process as well as on an ongoing basis throughout the year. These services provide aggregated shareholder data and analytics, shareholder delivery preferences, and voting trends. • Our ESG services provide consulting in support of issuers and their ESG journey. The services include peer ESG disclosure benchmarking, ESG strategy and policy development, greenhouse gas emission assessments, and ESG and sustainability report content development. We also offer an ESG dashboard that provides ESG consensus ratings to allow corporate issuers to assess the progress of their ESG ratings and disclosure relative to their selection of peer companies. Our disclosure solutions provide compliance reporting and transactional reporting services for public companies, including the following: • SEC Filing Services: proxy and annual report design and digitization, SEC filing, printing, and web hosting services, as well as SEC reporting including document composition, EDGARization and XBRL tagging. • Capital Markets Transactional Services: typesetting, composition, printing, and SEC filing services for capital markets transactions such as initial public offerings, , acquisitions, and securities offerings. In addition, we provide transaction support services such as virtual deal rooms and translation services. 6 We also provide registrar, stock transfer, and services through our transfer agency services. Our transfer agency services address the needs public companies have for more efficient and reliable stockholder record maintenance and communication services. In addition, we provide corporate actions services, including acting as the exchange agent, paying agent, or tender agent in support of acquisitions, initial public offerings, and other significant corporate transactions. We also provide abandoned property compliance and reporting services. Customer Communications Solutions We support financial services, healthcare, insurance, consumer finance, telecommunications, utilities, and other service industries with their customer communications management strategies for transactional communications, such as statements and bills, marketing communications, such as personalized microsites and campaigns, and regulatory communications, such as trade confirmations and explanation of benefits. These services include digital and physical delivery of critical communications. Our physical delivery services operate through a network of seven highly automated facilities across North America. The Broadridge Communications Cloud SM is an platform (the “Communications Cloud”) that provides our clients the flexibility to implement only the modules and delivery channels needed to address their specific communication needs. The platform’s open application programming interfaces and tools help our clients improve their communications systems’ efficiency and productivity. Through the Communications Cloud, our clients can: • develop transactional, regulatory, and marketing communications with relevant, content that drives customer action; • deliver customer communications across print, digital, email, short message service (“SMS”) and emerging channels, such as interactive microsites and personal cloud services, with one connection; and • gain comprehensive reporting and analytics to improve communications and increase engagement based on customer behaviors. Global Technology and Operations Transactions involving securities and other financial market instruments can, for example, originate with an institutional or retail investor who places an order with a broker who in turn routes that order to an appropriate market for execution. At that point, the parties to the transaction coordinate payment and settlement of the transaction through a clearinghouse. The records of the parties involved must then be updated to reflect completion of the transaction. The transaction must comply with tax, custody, accounting, and requirements, and the customer’s account information must correctly reflect the transaction. The accurate processing of trading activity from its initial inception and custody activity requires effective automation and information flow across multiple systems and functions within the firm and across the systems of the various parties that participate in the execution of a transaction. 7 Our Global Technology and Operations business provides the yet infrastructure to the global financial markets. As a leading software as a service (“SaaS”) provider, we offer capital markets and wealth and investment management firms modern technology to enable growth, simplify their technology stacks, and mutualize costs. Our highly scalable, resilient, solutions automate the transaction lifecycle of equity, mutual fund, fixed income, foreign exchange and derivatives, from order capture and execution through trade confirmation, margin, cash management, clearing and settlement, reference data management, reconciliations, securities financing and collateral management, asset servicing, compliance and regulatory reporting, portfolio accounting and services. Our Wealth Management business provides solutions for advisors and investors and streamlines back- and operations for by providing systems for critical activities, including books and records, transaction processing, clearance and settlement, and reporting. Our Investment Management business provides portfolio and order management solutions for traditional and alternative asset managers, which bring insights into trading, portfolio construction, risk, and analytics. Our solutions connect asset managers to a global network of for trade execution and matching and confirmation. In addition, we provide business process outsourcing services for our buy- and clients’ businesses. These services combine our technology with our operations expertise to support the entire trade lifecycle, including securities clearing and settlement, reconciliations, , wealth management asset servicing, and functions. The Global Technology and Operations segment’s revenues represented approximately 25% and 25% of our total Revenues in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively, which gives effect to the foreign exchange impact from revenues generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. See “Analysis of Reportable Segments — Revenues” under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Services and solutions offered through the Global Technology and Operations segment include the following: Capital Markets Solutions Our capital markets technology and our solutions deliver simplification and innovation across the trade lifecycle, from order initiation to settlement. Largely provided on a SaaS basis within large user communities, Broadridge’s technology is a global solution, processing trades, clearance and settlement in over 100 countries. Our technology enables our clients to meet the requirements of market change such as the T+1 securities settlement cycle. Our solutions enable global capital markets firms to access market liquidity, driving more effective market making and efficient trade processing. These services include reference data management, securities financing, lending, collateral management, trade and transaction reporting, reconciliations, financial messaging, and asset servicing. Our solutions can be deployed as a complete solution as well as discrete components supporting financial institutions. Through Broadridge Trading and Connectivity Solutions , we offer a set of global trade order and execution management systems and connectivity solutions that enable market participants to connect and trade. Our solutions, product suite and other capital markets capabilities enable our clients to streamline their technology platforms and operations and increase efficiencies, across equities, fixed income, derivatives, and other asset classes. We also provide a set of , and trading, connectivity and solutions that support processing of securities transactions in equities, options, fixed income securities, foreign exchange, derivatives and mutual funds. In addition, we provide comprehensive fixed income transaction processing capabilities to support clearance, settlement, custody, P&L reporting, and regulatory reporting for domestic and foreign fixed income instruments. Our solution includes extensive support for securities and other structured products. It is a , solution that provides position and balance information, in addition to detailed accounting, financing, collateral management, and repurchase agreement functionality. The solution offers capabilities, integration, and a robust technology infrastructure - all focused on supporting firms specializing in the fixed income marketplace. Wealth and Investment Management Solutions Our Wealth Management business delivers technology solutions, critical data, and digital marketing services to enable , regional, and independent and investment advisors to better engage with customers to help grow their business. Our wealth solutions are designed to help optimize advisor productivity, improve investor outcomes, digitize operations, reduce friction in investing, increase financial literacy, and deliver more personalized advice and insights. 8 With respect to technology solutions, we offer an integrated, modern wealth management platform through which we provide enhanced capabilities to improve the overall client experience across the entire front-, middle- and wealth management lifecycle, including advisor, investor, and operational workflows. This comprehensive wealth management platform streamlines all aspects of the service model, allowing our clients to digitally onboard customers, manage advisor compensation for multiple products and service models, and seamlessly transfer and service accounts. In addition, we provide , digital solutions to , financial advisors, insurers, and other firms with large, distributed salesforces. Our data aggregation solution helps financial advisors manage and build client relationships by providing customer account data aggregation, performance reporting, household grouping, automated report creation, document storage, and integration with popular financial planning and productivity applications. Our digital marketing and content capabilities leverage analytics and to enable financial advisors and wealth management firms to grow their businesses and deepen relationships with their customers. Financial advisors and wealth management firms can tap into our digital tools and library of content to personalize touchpoints to engage their customers and prospects across digital channels including websites, social media, email, and mobile. Our Investment Management business services the global investment management industry with a range of technology solutions. Our asset management solutions are portfolio management, compliance, fee billing and operational support solutions such as order management, data warehousing, reporting, reference data management, and risk management and portfolio accounting for hedge funds, family offices, alternative asset managers, traditional asset managers, and the providers that service this space including prime brokers, fund administrators, and custodians. The client base for these services includes institutional asset managers, public funds, , or emerging managers through some of the largest global hedge fund complexes and global fund administrators. Our Strategy We earn our clients’ confidence every day by delivering real business value through leading solutions that help our clients get ahead of today’s challenges and capitalize on future growth opportunities. Our solutions harness people, technology, and insights to help transform our clients’ businesses by enriching customer engagement, navigating risk, optimizing efficiency, and growing revenue. As financial institutions look to transform and mutualize their but operational and support functions, we have the proven technology, scale, innovation, experience and, most importantly, the network to achieve this goal and meet their needs. Our strategy addresses critical industry needs by utilizing our leading platform capabilities. Specifically, our growth strategy is focused on three key themes: (i) driving democratization and digitization in governance , (ii) simplifying and innovating trading in capital markets, and (iii) modernizing wealth and investment management businesses. Our business model We deliver technology and business process outsourcing services primarily through common SaaS based operations platforms. We create layers of value for clients by harnessing network benefits, providing deep data and analytics, and offering a comprehensive suite of digital capabilities all on a single platform. Our SaaS offerings allow our clients to mutualize key functions and thereby reduce their costs. All of this translates into our core value proposition to be a trusted provider of technology and services across a range of analytical, operational, and reporting functions. Strong positions in a large and growing financial services market Our technology and associates power the critical infrastructure and services behind investing, investment governance, and investor communications. Broadridge makes our clients stronger, and through them, we enable better financial lives for investors around the globe. Our deep industry knowledge enables our clients to successfully solve complex technological and operational challenges, while adapting to the latest technology trends and regulatory standards. While financial services firms have historically kept much of their technology infrastructure work , there are significant trends working in favor of Broadridge. Specifically, financial services firms globally are spending more on technology, and the respective budgets allocated for such technology are consistently growing . Moreover, these firms are devoting a growing percentage of this spend to technology, operations, and services. Broadridge, as a trusted outside service provider, can streamline and better integrate our clients’ infrastructure and business processes. We expect the efficiencies that result from such undertaking by Broadridge will lead to growth in the market for our solutions. 9 Three attractive growth platforms Our growth platforms address client needs as described below. Through our integrated solutions and scalable infrastructure, we believe we are best positioned to serve them. • Governance . We operate an extensive industry network through our governance platform that links , public companies, mutual funds, shareholders, and regulators. Through our platform, we continue to grow our governance solutions by transforming content and delivery and improving e-product capabilities to drive higher investor engagement. We aim to be an integral partner to , asset managers, and retirement service providers by offering solutions that help them grow revenue, reduce costs, and maintain compliance. We are also helping to simplify the governance process for public companies, offering an expanding suite of capabilities that allows them to better navigate the complexity of reaching shareholders. We continue to be a leading provider of investor communications and are at the forefront of delivering richer communication experiences, both digitally and through optimized print and mail services. • Capital Markets. Global institutions have a strong need to simplify their complex technology environment, and our , global, technology platforms address this need. As a leader in global trade lifecycle management, we are driving solutions that simplify our clients’ operations, improve performance and resiliency, evolve to global operating models, adapt to new technologies, and enable our clients to better manage their data. Our 2021 acquisition of Itiviti, for example, expanded our services across the trade lifecycle for equities and derivatives and grew our international reach. We continue to leverage emerging technologies such as blockchain and artificial intelligence (“AI”) to deliver innovative solutions to our clients. Our Distributed Ledger Repo (“DLR”) platform which combines distributed ledger technology with existing market settlement infrastructure provides clients added flexibility to manage their liquidity needs and execute intraday repo transactions through our DLR network. In addition, we have introduced a number of solutions such as BondGPT and continue to develop new AI applications to create a more efficient trading process for our clients. We also continue to develop component solutions that meet the regulatory, risk, data, and analytics needs of our clients, while also helping to drive more efficient liquidity, price discovery, and improved execution for the firms we serve. We plan to continue building on our global platform capabilities, enabling our clients to simplify and improve their global operations across cash, equity securities, and other asset classes. • Wealth and Investment Management. Wealth and investment management clients, including , regional and independent , investment advisors, insurance companies, and retirement solutions providers are all undergoing unprecedented change. These firms are in need of partners to help them navigate the demographic shift of advisors and investors, create more engaging client experiences, and deliver operational technologies that are essential to their business. These market dynamics are driving the need for more seamlessly integrated technology, and as well as digital wealth solutions that better service advisors and investors. This can be achieved by simplifying and modernizing their complicated and interwoven legacy systems. To address these demands, we have developed a holistic wealth management platform solution that provides seamless systems and data integration capabilities. Our platform enables firms to improve advisor productivity, provide a more personalized investor experience, and realize operational process efficiencies. for technologies Across financial services, the pace of change is only accelerating. Our clients understand that technology is a key driving force for change and efficiency and there is a need among our client base to leverage this technology to address their critical business challenges. However, they face obstacles in making the necessary investments and, more importantly, in applying the right talent and intellectual capital, which may be focused on their most differentiating functions. This continues to create opportunities for Broadridge to assist in the areas where we have scale and domain expertise, which includes areas such as AI, blockchain, cloud, digital, and other new technologies. By leveraging our services, firms can benefit from highly skilled, experienced personnel with deep industry expertise, while mutualizing the costs and risks of technology innovation. We approach innovation through three actions: experimenting, partnering, and engaging. In turn, we help our clients stay on the cutting edge and realize the benefits of digital transformation at a quicker pace. High engagement and culture Broadridge is and has created and grown infrastructures across a variety of functions with high client satisfaction. We conduct a client satisfaction survey for each of our major business units annually, the results of which are a component of all our associates’ compensation because of the importance of client retention to the achievement of our revenue goals. 10 We have built a talent network focus of engaged and knowledgeable associates dedicated to serving clients well, which in turn creates a real and sustainable advantage for our business. Supporting this excellent client delivery takes engaged associates, and we are passionate about creating an environment in which every associate can thrive and build their knowledge and skills. All of this creates a culture that benefits our associates, our clients, and our stockholders. Clients We serve a large and diverse client base including banks, , mutual funds, retirement service providers, corporate issuers, and wealth and asset management firms. Our clients in the financial services industry include retail and institutional brokerage firms, global banks, mutual funds, asset managers, insurance companies, annuity companies, institutional investors, specialty trading firms, clearing firms, administrators, hedge funds, and financial advisors. Our corporate issuer clients are typically publicly held companies. In addition to financial services firms, we service corporate clients in the healthcare, insurance, consumer finance, telecommunications, utilities, and other service industries with their essential communications. We embrace the concept of the Chain, which directly connects employee engagement, client satisfaction, and the creation of shareholder value. In furtherance of this principle, client satisfaction is a component of every Broadridge associate’s compensation. In fiscal year 2024, we: • managed proxy voting for over 800 million equity proxy positions; • processed over 7 billion investor and customer communications through print and digital channels; • processed on average over $10 trillion in equity and fixed income trades per day of U.S. and Canadian securities; • provided fixed income trade processing services to 20 of the 24 primary dealers of fixed income securities in the U.S.; and • provided services to 14 of the 15 largest U.S. wealth providers. Competition We operate in a highly competitive industry. Our Investor Communication Solutions business competes with companies that provide investor communication and corporate governance solutions as well as our clients’ operations. This includes independent proxy distribution service providers, transfer agents, proxy advisory firms, proxy solicitation firms, firms that process proxy votes, and financial printers. We also face competition from numerous firms in the compiling, printing and electronic distribution of statements, bills and other customer communications. Within our Global Technology and Operations business, our capital markets solutions compete with operations and vendors that provide trade processing, record keeping, and order and execution management systems. Similarly, our wealth management solutions compete with service providers that deliver data, technology solutions, and marketing services to be used by wealth advisors. Finally, our investment management solutions compete with firms that provide portfolio management, compliance, and operational support solutions for asset managers and hedge funds. Technology We provide products and platforms to the financial services industry and have several information processing systems that serve as the core foundation of our technology platform. We are committed to maintaining high levels of quality service through our skilled technical employees and the use of our technology within an environment that seeks continual improvement. Our strategy centers on four key pillars: architecture, data, cyber and data security, and AI . Broadridge’s technology strategy is designed to provide high levels of availability, scalability, reliability, and flexibility, leveraging a hybrid model consisting of private and public cloud services as well as traditional data center services. Our technology architecture consists of systems and applications which operate in data centers that employ multiple active power and cooling distribution paths and redundant components. Additionally, these data centers provide infrastructure capacity and capability to permit planned activities without disruption to the critical load, and, as a general matter, are designed to sustain at least one , unplanned failure or event without a significant critical load impact. Our geographically dispersed processing centers also provide disaster recovery and business continuity processing. Our applications that incorporate cloud technology operate on industry standard enterprise architecture platforms that provide significant opportunities for horizontal and vertical scaling. This scalability and redundancy allows us to provide high degrees of system availability for our clients. Our technology connects industry participants across the financial services ecosystem forming a network that includes capital markets firms, , asset managers, public companies, and investors. The data derived through these connections provides value to participants and is at the heart of our approach – which leverages this data to generate insights that drive innovation, address challenges, accelerate product development, and inform decision making. 11 We conduct annual reviews with many of our clients around our cybersecurity and data security policies, practices and controls, which, together with our ongoing engagement with regulators across the world, helps us keep up with cybersecurity and data security standards and best practices and informs our product development and technology decisions. For more information on our information security program, please refer to Item 1.C. Cybersecurity of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our approach to AI looks to launch capabilities while considering the protection of our clients’ and Broadridge’s data privacy and intellectual property. We have integrated AI capabilities into several of our solutions and provide our associates with access to internal AI tools designed to modernize our approach to product development and enhance our overall productivity and efficiency. Product Development We manage a diverse portfolio of products and services across our core businesses. Our products and services are designed with resiliency, scalability, and flexibility so that we can fully meet our clients’ critical needs. These products and services are built to meet the many complex requirements of our clients in a highly efficient manner. Our product organization is committed to helping Broadridge grow, scale, and innovate. We do so by providing our product managers with the tools, processes, and capabilities to promptly deliver solutions that address key client needs. This empowers product managers with the insights they need to make decisions and prioritize resources effectively. We further accelerate innovation by entering into strategic relationships with clients and other third parties to accelerate product development or gain access to capabilities complementary to our product development efforts. To cultivate the talent behind these products, we invest heavily in fostering a thriving community of highly skilled product associates. This commitment is reflected in our diverse hiring practices, accelerated leadership development programs, and ongoing training opportunities. We are also focused on enterprise transformation with a focus on technologies. Our core strength lies in scalable, reusable platform components that empower developers and accelerate application delivery across the Company. This emphasis on unified product disciplines ensures business units have seamless access to top tier expertise. Furthermore, we leverage AI to unlock new commercial opportunities and enhance overall productivity. To fuel this continuous innovation, we are building a robust foundation with hosting platforms optimized for security, scalability, and efficiency. This standardized technology stack, powered by enterprise tools, is fundamental to our strategy of delivering solutions with improved speed. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing products and services, taking into account input from clients, initiatives and regulatory changes affecting our clients. By focusing on these key areas, we aim to meet the evolving needs of our clients through our product and service offerings. Intellectual Property We own a portfolio of more than 155 U.S. and .S. patents and patent applications. We also own registered marks for our trade name and own or have applied for trademark registrations for many of our services and products. We regard our products and services as proprietary and utilize internal security practices and confidentiality restrictions in contracts with employees, clients, and others for protection. We believe that we are the owner or in some cases, the licensee, of all intellectual property and other proprietary rights necessary to conduct our business. Regulation The securities and financial services industries are subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions. As a matter of public policy, regulatory bodies in the U.S. and the rest of the world are charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and with protecting the interests of investors participating in those markets. Due to the nature of our services and the markets we serve, these regulatory bodies impact our businesses in various manners. 12 In the U.S., the securities and financial services industries are subject to regulation under both federal and state laws. At the federal level, the SEC regulates the securities industry, along with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”), the various stock exchanges, and other SROs. In addition, SEC rules require public companies to reimburse banks and for the expense of distributing certain stockholder communications to beneficial owners of securities held in street name, and those reimbursement rates as well as fees that can be charged for proxy services are set by the NYSE. The Department of Labor (“DOL”) enforces the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”) regulations on plan fiduciaries and organizations that provide services to qualified retirement plans. As a provider of services to financial institutions and issuers of securities, our services, such as our proxy and shareholder report processing and distribution services, are provided in a manner to assist our clients in complying with the laws and regulations to which they are subject. As a result, the services we provide may be required to change as applicable laws and regulations are adopted or revised. We monitor legislative and rulemaking activity by the SEC, FINRA, DOL, and U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). the stock exchanges and other regulatory bodies that may impact our services, and if new laws or regulations are adopted or changes are made to existing laws or regulations applicable to our services, we expect to adapt our business practices and service offerings to continue to assist our clients in fulfilling their obligations under new or modified requirements. Certain aspects of our business are subject to regulatory compliance or oversight. As a provider of technology services to financial institutions, certain aspects of our U.S. operations are subject to regulatory oversight and examination by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”), an interagency body of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the National Credit Union Administration, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Periodic examinations by the FFIEC generally include areas such as internal audit, risk management, business continuity planning, information security, systems development, and vendor management to identify potential risks related to our services that could adversely affect our banking and financial services clients. In addition, our business process outsourcing, mutual fund processing and transfer agency solutions, as well as the entities providing those services, are subject to regulatory oversight. Our business process outsourcing and mutual fund processing services are performed by a , Broadridge Business Process Outsourcing, LLC (“BBPO”). BBPO is registered with the SEC, is a member of FINRA and is required to participate in the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”). Although BBPO’s FINRA membership agreement allows it to engage in clearing and the retailing of corporate securities in addition to mutual fund retailing on a wire order basis, BBPO does not clear customer transactions, process any retail business or carry customer accounts. BBPO is subject to regulations concerning many aspects of its business, including trade practices, capital requirements, record retention, money laundering prevention, the protection of customer funds and customer securities, and the supervision of the conduct of directors, officers, and employees. A failure to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations could result in censure, fine, the issuance of orders, or the suspension or revocation of SEC or FINRA authorization granted to allow the operation of its business or disqualification of its directors, officers, or employees. There has been continual regulatory scrutiny of the securities industry including the outsourcing by firms of their operations or functions. This oversight could result in the future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules with respect to business process outsourcing. As a registered and member of FINRA, BBPO is subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rule 15c3-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which requires BBPO to maintain a minimum net capital amount. At June 30, 2024, BBPO was in compliance with this capital requirement. Matrix Trust Company (“Matrix Trust”) is a Colorado state chartered, trust company and National Securities Clearing Corporation trust member, whose primary business is to provide cash agent, custodial, and directed trustee services to institutional customers, and investment management services to its collective investment trust funds (“CITs”). As a result, Matrix Trust is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the Colorado Division of Banking and the Arizona Department of Insurance and Financial Institutions, as well as the National Securities Clearing Corporation. Specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain sheet items, when applicable, must be met. At June 30, 2024, Matrix Trust was in compliance with its capital requirements. In addition, in connection with the offering of CITs, Matrix Trust acts as a discretionary trustee and an ERISA fiduciary. CITs are subject to regulation by the IRS, SEC, federal and state banking regulators, and the DOL, which impose a number of duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA. Matrix Trust is also subject to regulation by the Colorado Division of Banking and the Arizona Department of Financial Institutions which regulate CITs pursuant to guidance issued by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency regulation. Matrix Trust maintains an Identity Theft Prevention Program for certain of its services. 13 Our transfer agency business, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, is subject to certain SEC rules and regulations, including annual reporting, examination, internal controls, proper safeguarding of issuer and shareholder funds and securities, maintaining a written Identity Theft Prevention Program, and obligations relating to its operations. Our transfer agency business is subject to certain NYSE requirements concerning operational standards as a transfer agent or registrar for companies and is also subject to IRS regulations. In addition, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions complies with all applicable trade control laws and regulations, including country/ sanctions and sanctions maintained by the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we do business. Finally, state laws govern certain services performed by our transfer agency business. In addition, we are required to comply with laundering laws and regulations, such as, in the U.S., the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (collectively, the “BSA”), and the BSA implementing regulations of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”), a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. A variety of similar laundering requirements apply in other countries. We are also subject to the relevant aspects of regulations and guidance published by FinCEN (as discussed below), which includes the Know Your Customer (“KYC”) requirements promulgated by FinCEN. Privacy and Information Security Regulations The processing and transfer of personal information is required to provide certain of our services. Privacy laws and regulations in the U.S. and foreign countries apply to the access, collection, transfer, use, storage, and destruction of personal information. In the U.S., our financial institution clients are required to comply with privacy regulations imposed under the Act (“GLBA”), in addition to other regulations. As a processor of personal information in our role as a provider of services to financial institutions, we must comply with the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) Safeguards Rule implementing certain provisions of GLBA with respect to maintenance of information security safeguards. We perform services for healthcare companies and are, therefore, subject to compliance with laws and regulations regarding healthcare information, including in the U.S., the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”). We also perform services and agree to comply with payment card standards, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. In addition, federal and state privacy and information security laws, and consumer protection laws, which apply to businesses that collect or process personal information, also apply to our businesses. Privacy laws and regulations may require notification to affected individuals, federal and state regulators, and consumer reporting agencies in the event of a security breach that results in unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, certain personal information. Privacy laws outside the U.S. may be more restrictive and may require different compliance requirements than U.S. laws and regulations, and they may impose additional duties on us in the performance of our services. The law in this area continues to develop and the changing nature of privacy laws in the U.S., the European Union and elsewhere could impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. For example, the European Union Parliament adopted the comprehensive General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and several U.S. states have also recently adopted new privacy laws or are proposing to pass their own state privacy laws, including the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”). We continually monitor privacy and information security laws and regulations and while we believe that we are compliant with our regulatory responsibilities, information security threats continue to evolve, resulting in increased risk and exposure. In addition, legislation, regulation, litigation, court rulings, or other events could expose Broadridge to increased costs, liability, and possible damage to our reputation. Legal Compliance Regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) of the U.S. Department of Treasury place prohibitions and restrictions on all U.S. citizens and entities, including the Company, with respect to transactions by U.S. persons with specified countries and individuals and entities identified on OFAC's sanctions lists and Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (a published list of individuals and companies owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, countries subject to certain economic and trade sanctions, as well as terrorists, terrorist organizations and narcotics traffickers identified by OFAC under programs that are not country specific). Similar requirements apply to transactions and dealings with persons and entities specified in lists maintained in other countries. We have developed procedures and controls that are designed to monitor and address legal and regulatory requirements and developments to protect against having direct business dealings with such prohibited countries, individuals, or entities. 14 Compliance with laws and regulations that are applicable to our businesses with an international reach can be complex and may increase our cost of doing business in international jurisdictions. Our international business could expose us to fines and penalties if we fail to comply with these regulations. These laws and regulations include import and export requirements, trade restrictions and embargoes, data privacy requirements, labor laws, tax laws, regulations, U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting bribery and other improper payments or inducements, such as the U.K. Bribery Act. Although we have implemented policies, procedures, and training designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, vendors, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable laws and regulations, particularly as we expand our operations, including through acquisitions of businesses that were not previously subject to and may not have familiarity with laws and regulations applicable to us or compliance policies similar to ours. Any violations of sanctions or export control regulations or other laws could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, including the imposition of substantial fines and interest or prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services to one or more countries, and could also damage our reputation, our international expansion efforts and our business, and negatively impact our operating results. Human Capital Management As of June 30, 2024, we had approximately 14,600 associates, of which approximately 45% were employed in the U.S. Of the approximately 55% of associates located outside of the U.S., 40% are in the APAC region, where a substantial number of associates are in India, 11% are in Europe, and 4% are in Canada. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. In some countries outside the U.S., we have works councils, or we are required by local law to enter into and/or comply with collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our employee relations are good. We are driven by the success of each of our associates, and we recognize that it is because of their hard work, talent, and commitment that we continue to deliver outstanding results for our clients. That is why we strive to provide a workplace that fosters a collaborative and supportive culture where everyone feels welcomed, accepted, and empowered to be their best. At the center of our associate engagement efforts is the concept of the Chain, where engaged associates deliver service, which creates satisfied clients and, in turn, produces strong, value for stockholders. Our human capital strategies are developed and managed by our Chief Human Resources Officer, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer, and are overseen by the Company’s Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors believes that human capital management and succession planning are vital to our success. The Board annually reviews the Company’s leadership bench and succession planning. In addition, the Board receives regular updates on talent and other human capital matters such as culture, attrition, retention, and diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) initiatives and practices, including an annual update from our Chief Diversity Officer. The Compensation Committee’s oversight includes initiatives and programs that concern our culture, talent, recruitment, retention, and associate engagement. Associate Engagement We believe there is a direct connection between associate engagement and the satisfaction of our clients and the creation of stockholder value so we regularly conduct surveys to assess associate engagement and determine if and how perspectives have changed over time. Our surveys allow our associates to share their views on our workplace, the importance of various aspects of work life, among other topics. The themes and insights from our associate feedback are shared with our executive leadership and have been instrumental in shaping our workplace. In fiscal year 2024, we received an 82% overall favorable rating in the annual Great Place to Work survey. In addition, 85% of our associates stated that Broadridge is a “great place to work,” and we have received certification from Great Place to Work for our outstanding workplace culture in 13 countries: U.S., Canada, India, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Romania, Poland, Singapore, Japan, Germany, Hong Kong, Sweden and the Philippines. Recognized as 2024 Best Workplaces in Ireland and UK, as well as Best Workplaces in Technology (Ireland) and Best Workplaces for Development (UK). The Great Place to Work Institute is a global authority on , workplaces. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion We are dedicated to fostering a diverse, equitable, inclusive, and healthy environment. As a leading provider of technology, communications, and data and analytics solutions to businesses around the world, we must understand, embrace and operate in a multicultural environment. Every associate has unique strengths, which, when fully appreciated and embraced, enable everyone to perform at their best, leading to our success. Our goal is to ensure our associates at every level of the organization represent the diversity of the clients we serve and the communities in which we work. We are committed to advancing DEI initiatives and values as part of our culture. Our commitment to developing a diverse workforce is evidenced by the fact that a component of our Executive Leadership Team’s compensation is based on achievement of DEI goals. 15 We have an Executive Diversity Council, chaired by our President, that meets quarterly and provides insight and recommendations on critical opportunities and challenges. In addition, we support several employee resource groups (our Associate Networks), where associates with similar backgrounds and interests can find peer support, shape company culture, receive mentorship and sponsorship from senior members, and develop their careers. Broadridge’s Associate Networks currently include: B.Pride, Disability Equity Associate Network (DEAN), Lead For Next (LFN), MultiCultural Associate Network (MCAN), Veteran + First Responder Network (VFN), Women’s Leadership Forum (WLF), Family Care Network (FCN), and BeGreen. Together, these networks support the LQBTQ+ community, associates with disabilities, young professionals, multicultural backgrounds, veterans and first responders, women, associates with caregiving responsibilities, and associates with a passion for sustainability. We have a Chief Diversity Officer, who implements a holistic DEI strategy and partners with our business units to develop the resources and competencies needed to drive this strategy. Our Chief Diversity Officer reports to our President, is a member of the Executive Diversity Council and Executive Leadership Team, and provides regular updates to our Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors. In addition, the Chief Diversity Officer serves as an advisor on global initiatives, such as our Associate Networks, and our recruitment and compliance efforts. We continue to progress our DEI initiatives building off the opportunities identified in our inaugural DEI survey in 2022, which ran globally, and over 7,000 associates across 19 countries participated. The results of our inaugural survey revealed that an overwhelming majority of our associates believe that 1) the importance of DEI is reflected in the priorities of Broadridge's business, 2) we were successful in advancing DEI initiatives over the past year, and 3) we create a physically and psychologically safe environment where associates feel they belong, and they are included and treated fairly. We are committed to associate feedback to provide a comprehensive view of our organization’s culture, identify areas where improvements can be made to create a more welcoming and inclusive environment for all associates, and measure our progress over time. Talent and Development We believe that our associates are among our most important assets. Encouraging professional development opportunities is a core part of our culture. One important resource we provide our associates is Broadridge University, a comprehensive suite of online courses and virtual and training. We offer programs from top business schools, leadership development and mentoring programs, have a tuition reimbursement program, and support participation in external learning opportunities. These programs are designed to provide opportunities for associates at varying levels of the Company to expand their networks, gain valuable skills and knowledge to excel in their current roles, and enhance their leadership capabilities. We offer our technology associates with resources to supplement their work experience, and a Technology Expert Career Track, a transparent dual career path process that allows associates to grow as leaders and experts in the organization. We also empower associates to learn and grow as subject matter experts in the financial markets. In turn, this enables our associates to assist our clients with their expertise and adds value to our associates’ own career development and skill sets. In addition to education, we also require all associates to complete a variety of trainings on an annual basis, which focus on our commitment to high ethical standards and a culture of honesty, integrity, and compliance. Health, Safety and Wellness We are committed to providing a safe workplace. We continuously strive to meet or exceed all laws, regulations, and accepted practices pertaining to workplace safety. We have developed extensive safety policies, standards, and procedures to which all associates are required to comply. Our policies are based on both U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration standards and guidelines to ensure that associates work in a safe and healthy environment. At our Edgewood, New York facility, we have an Wellness Centers staffed with physicians, nurse practitioners and physician assistants who provide medical services at no cost to our associates. In addition, we are committed to providing competitive health and wellness benefits to our associates. We recognize the importance of balance and have designed our workplace to provide associates with flexible on- and work options. Our other health and wellness benefits include travel allowances for certain types of health care and subsidized emergency backup care services for our U.S.-based associates, various educational health and wellness programs and webinars, and an employee assistance program, which provides free counseling and other mental health services. 16 Associate Compensation and Benefits We have demonstrated a history of investing in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages. In addition, we offer various types of compensation, which vary by associate role and country/region, and may include annual bonuses, stock awards, and retirement savings plans. Also, a portion of every associate’s incentive compensation is tied to client satisfaction goals, which reinforces our commitment to the Chain and rewards associates for their contributions to Broadridge’s overall client satisfaction performance. In addition we offer the following benefits, which may vary by country/region: healthcare and insurance benefits, tax efficient or savings programs, such as health and dependent care flexible spending accounts, health savings account and pretax commuter benefits or green transport tax savings programs, paid time off, including volunteer time off, paid parental leave, and sick time off, life and disability insurance, business travel accident insurance, charitable gift matching, tuition assistance, among others. Available Information Our headquarters are located at 5 Dakota Drive, Lake Success, New York 11042, and our telephone number is (516) 472-5400. We maintain an Investor Relations website at www. .com. We make available free of charge, on or through this website, our annual, quarterly and current reports, and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable following the time they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. To access these reports, just click on the “SEC Filings” link found at the top of our Investor Relations page. You can also access our Investor Relations page through our main website at www.broadridge.com by clicking on the “Investor Relations” link, which is located at the top of our homepage. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 17 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference herein. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the following information identifies the most significant factors affecting our company. However, additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our clients are subject to complex laws and regulations, and new laws or regulations and/or changes to existing laws or regulations could impact our clients and, in turn, adversely impact our business or may reduce our profitability. We provide technology solutions to financial services firms that are generally subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions. As a provider of products and services to financial institutions and issuers of securities, our products and services are provided in a manner designed to assist our clients in complying with the laws and regulations to which they are subject. Changes in laws and regulations could require changes in the services we provide, the manner in which we provide our services, the fees we charge for our services, or they could result in a reduction or elimination of the demand for our services. For example, our investor communications services and the fees we charge our clients for certain services are subject to change if applicable SEC or stock exchange rules or regulations are amended, or new laws or regulations are adopted that change the proxy materials, regulatory disclosures, or other communications issuers are required to send or the manner in which they send them. Such changes in laws or regulations could result in a material negative impact on our business and financial results. Therefore, our services, such as our proxy, shareholder report and prospectus distribution, and customer communications services, are particularly sensitive to changes in laws and regulations, including those governing the financial services industry and the securities markets. In addition, new regulations governing our clients could result in significant expenditures that could cause them to reduce their use of our services, seek to renegotiate existing agreements, or cease or curtail their operations, all of which could adversely impact our business. Further, an adverse regulatory action that changes a client’s business or adversely affects its financial condition, could decrease their ability to purchase, or their demand for, our products and services. The loss of business from any of our larger clients could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Consolidation in the financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and could make us increasingly dependent on a more limited number of clients. There has been and may continue to be consolidation activity in the financial services industry. These mergers or consolidations of financial institutions could reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. For example, in the past few years alone there have been several major consolidations involving our clients. When our clients merge with or are acquired by other firms that are not our clients, or firms that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our services. In addition, it is possible that the larger financial institutions resulting from mergers or consolidations could decide to perform some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. If we are unable to mitigate the impact of a loss or reduction of business resulting from a client consolidation, we could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. A large percentage of our revenues are derived from a small number of clients in the financial services industry and the loss of any of such clients, a reduction of their demand for our services, or change in the method of delivery of our services could have a material impact on our financial results. In fiscal year 2024, our largest client accounted for approximately 8% of our consolidated revenues. While our clients generally work with multiple business segments, the loss of business from any of our larger clients due to merger or consolidation, financial difficulties or bankruptcy, or the termination or of contracts could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Also, a delay in onboarding a client onto our technology would result in a delay in our recognition of revenue from that client. Further, in the event of the loss of a client’s business, a reduction of a client’s demand for our services, or a change in the method of delivery of our services, then in addition to losing the revenue from that client, we could be required to all or a portion of the related client investments or accelerate the amortization of certain costs, including costs incurred to onboard a client or convert a client’s systems to function with our technology. Such costs for all clients represented approximately 11% of our total assets as of June 30, 2024, with one client representing a large portion of this amount. See Note 3, “Revenue Recognition” and Note 11, “Deferred Client Conversion and Costs” to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 18 Security breaches or cybersecurity incidents could adversely affect our financial results and ability to operate, could result in personal, confidential or proprietary information being misappropriated, and may cause us to be held liable or suffer harm to our reputation. We process and transfer sensitive data, including personal information, valuable intellectual property and other proprietary or confidential data provided to us by our clients, which include financial institutions, public companies, mutual funds, and healthcare companies. We also handle personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. Some of our services are provided through the internet, which increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. Information security threats continue to evolve resulting in increased risk and exposure and increased costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches. Due to the nature of our products and services, we are subject to the risk of information security incidents, including those impacting our clients and vendors. Failure by our clients or vendors to notify us in a timely manner of cybersecurity incidents impacting their operations could result in unauthorized access to our systems and data and materially affect our business, operations and financial results. In certain circumstances, our vendors may also have access to sensitive data including personal information. It is also possible that a vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose such sensitive data. Further, unauthorized individuals could improperly access our systems or those of our vendors, or improperly obtain or disclose the sensitive data including personal information that we or our vendors process or handle. We face ongoing cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure including data loss, data exfiltration, denial of service, and ransomware, among others. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents, attempts to breach our systems and other similar attacks, including incidents affecting our clients and vendors, which if such attacks or attempts are successful in the future could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our ability to provide reliable services, as well as negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Any impact on our results of operations and financial condition may be material depending on the scope of the incident. Examples of previous incidents include, but are not limited to, social engineering, phishing, and attacks. In addition, our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cybersecurity incidents or disruptions resulting from such events. If we fail to maintain an adequate information security program or implement sufficient security standards, technology or controls to protect against information security incidents or privacy breaches and identify and adapt to emerging security threats and risks, it could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients and/or damage to our reputation. In addition, any unauthorized access to our information technology systems could result in the use, theft, or disclosure of confident

[truncated]