MONDAY

cSnpary number: 00719885

Rio Tinto pie

RioTinto

Annual Report 2024

*ADZY1YUY*
AB 07/04/2025 #164

COMPANIES HOUSE i

Contents

Strategic report

Our world today... and looking to the future
2024 at a glance

Chair's statement

From the Chief Executive
Strategic context

Strategic framework

Our business model

Our stakeholders

Progressing our 4 objectives

Key performance indicators

Chief Financial Officer's statement
Financial review

Iron Ore

Aluminium

Copper

Minerals

Our approach to ESG
Environment

Our 2025 Climate Action Plan
Social

Governance

Our approach to risk management
Principal risks and uncertainties

Five-year review

Directors’ report

Governance
Chair's introduction

Governance framework

Board of Directors

Executive Committee

Our stakeholders ~ Section 172(1) statement
Board activities in 2024

Evaluating our performance

Nominations Committee report

Audit & Risk Committee report
Sustainability Committee report

100
101
102
104
106
109
no
m
n3
n7

(2) Onthe cover: The Rincon Lithium Project, Argentina, which produced

first ithium from the starter plant this year. Lithium is part of our
portfolio of materials essential to a low-carbon future

Remuneration report
Annual statement by the People
& Remuneration Committee Chair

Implementation report
Additional statutory disclosure

Financial statements

About Rio Tinto

About the presentation of our consolidated financial statements
Consolidated primary statements

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Other statutory information

Consolidated entity disclosure statement

Rio Tinto ple financial statements

Australian Corporations Act - Summary of ASIC Relief
Directors’ declaration

Independent Auditors’ Report

Lead Auditor's Independence Declaration

Additional financial information

Financial information by business unit

Alternative performance measures

Production, Ore Reserves,

Mineral Resources and operations
Metals and minerals production

Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
Competent Persons

Mines and production facilities

Additional information

Independent assurance report

Shareholder information

Cautionary statement about forward-looking statements
Contact details .

Our 2024 reporting suite

ng
127

146

154
154
162
167

231
239
244
245
246
265

266
269

275
277
301
302

321
325
331

@® __ Scan the QR code or visit riotinto.com/reports

Many of our operations are located on land and
waters that have belonged to Indigenous and

land-connected Peoples for thousands of years.

We respect their ongoing deep connection to,
and their vast knowledge of, the land, water and
environment. We pay our respects to Elders,
both past and present, and acknowledge the
important role Indigenous and land-connected

Peoples play within communities and our business.

We are Rio Tinto, and we’re finding better ways™

We live on a planet that’s changing fast. The energy transition is
an urgent, global challenge that calls for more of the metals and
minerals we produce. This provides us with great opportunity,
but we must supply that demand responsibly, and reduce
emissions across our value chain. It's why we're working tirelessly
to find solutions to complex questions, so we can help close the
gaps, as we provide the materials the world needs.

CA Find out more about how we're ...

Accelerating growth page 22
Innovating to net zero page 41
Evolving our culture page 78

Annual Report 2024 1

(2) On this page: We are rehabilitating the
Argyle diamond mine on the traditional
lands of the Miriwoong and Gija People in
Western Australia.

fotintocom

Strategic report

Our world today...
and looking to the future

We are active in 35' countries,
producing the metals and minerals
the world needs to grow and
decarbonise. Our materials are
used in everyday life, helping people
and societies build homes and
infrastructure, travel and work,

and learn and communicate.

isten to our podcast, Things You Can't
Live Without, to discover the role our
metals and minerals play, and what needs
tohappen to create a sustainable future
for the items we have come to rely on:
riotinto.com/podcast

We have 60,000? employees worldwide,
connected by our common purpose.

Our exploration teams in the field, the
colleagues at our project sites and
operating our mines, processing facilities
and infrastructure, those working in our
offices and innovation centres - they bring
our values of care, courage and curiosity
to life.

We're focusing on the materials needed
both now, and for the future. We continue
to see strong traditional drivers of demand,
and our core markets are growing. At the
same time, emerging trends and the energy
transition are opening up new opportunities
for us to deliver profitable growth.

Rio Tinto across the globe

Our portfolio includes iron ore, aluminium, bauxite, alumina, copper, titanium dioxide, lithium, borates, salt and diamonds.

CE] For more information on our mines and production facilities, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves around the world, see pages 277 to 300.

Operations and projects®

Iron Ore Copper

Aluminium Minerals

Mines | %& Projects ‘Smelters, refineries, processing plants and power and shipping facilities remote from mine | O s¥ DJ Non-managed operations

So we're unlocking the full potential of our
assets, and growing and diversifying our
portfolio, to become Best Operator for
today and tomorrow.

We're investing in our people, our assets
and our orebodies. We're exploring in 17
countries, and driving forward with our
strong pipeline of projects so we can deliver
the materials the world needs, safely,
sustainably and for the long term. We're
listening and partnering so we learn and
improve. And we're strengthening our
culture so our people feel safe and
respected, and empowered to continue
finding better ways™.

1. Inctudes our mines and production facies, main
‘exploration activities and countries where we have a
significant presence through activities including
research and development, commercial, sales, and
corporate functions.

2. This represents the average number of employees for
the year, including the Group's share of non-managed
‘operations and joint ventures. Refer to page 208 for
‘more information.

‘Annual Report 2024

3. The map indicates the location of our global operations
and projects, however it does not identify all individuat
facilites included in an operation. It does not include
our offices, research and development centres, and
some processing and shipping facilities. The dots on
the map are Indicative and in some locations we have
more assets than visually represented due to the size of
the map. In Western Australia, for example, we operate
Tiron ore mines. For more detail, see the Mines and

production facilities section on pages 274-319.
Operations and projects are Indicated according to
their product group. The Iron Ore Company of Canada
isan iron ore operation but is reported under Minerals
due to the management structure. Management
responsibility for the Simandou iron ore project in
Guinea during the build phase of the project falls under
the Chief Technical Officer and it is included in

“Other operations”.

Fiotintocom

Strategic report

2024 at a glance

Fatalities at managed operations

5

(2023: 0)

Completion rate of "Building Everyday
Respect" employee learning module

97.4%

(2023: 83.5%)

Net cash generated from
operating activities

$15.6bn

(2023: $15.2bn)

Alinjury frequency rate

0.37

(2023: 0.37)

Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse
gas emissions

30.7Mt CO,e

(2023: 33.9Mt CO;e)
(gross adjusted equity emissions)

Underlying EBITDA?

$23.3bn

(2023: $23.9bn)

‘Women in our workforce

25.2%

(2023: 24.3%)

Profit after tax attributable
to owners of Rio Tinto!

$11.6bn

(net earnings), (2023: $10.1bn)

Total dividend per share

402.0 cents

(2023: 435.0 cents)

2024 consolidated sales revenue: $53.7bn (2023: $54.0bn)

By destination (%)

oe RT RE ET EE)
cs ET EE] HE

@ Canada

@ Greater China @us @ Japan @ Other Asia = @ Europe @ Australia @ Other

By reportable segments (%)

@ tron Ore @ Aluminium == @ Copper @ Minerals

Copper Minerals

Underlying EBITDA

$3.4bn

(2023: $2.0bn)°

Iron Ore

Underlying EBITDA

$1.1bn

(2023: $1.4bn)

Underlying EBITDA

$16.2bn

(2023: $20.0bn)

Underlying EBITDA

$3.7bn

(2023: $2.3bn)

Bauxite Aluminium Titanium dioxide slag

Rio Tinto share
of production

58.7Mt

(2023: 54.6Mt)

Mined copper

Consolidated basis
of production

697kt

(2023: 620kt)

Pilbara iron ore
100% basis of production

328.0Mt

(2023: 3315Mt)

Rio Tinto share
of production

990kt

(2023: 14111kt)

Rio Tinto share
of production

3,296kt

(2023: 3,272kt)

‘All financial values in this Annual Report are presented in US dollars untess otherwise stated,
Underlying EBITDA is a non-IFRS measure. A delinition of underlying EBITDA and a reconciliation to its closest IFRS
measure is presented in note 1 (page 168).

3. Comparative information has been adjusted to reflect the movement of Rio Tinto Guinea from the Copper product
group to “Other operations”. Refer to note 1 (page 167) for details.

8) For more information on our product
groups’ performance, see pages 24-31

‘Annual Report 2024 3 riotintocom

Strategic report

Chair’s statement

66 Rio Tinto is optimistic about the coming year. In 2024, we laid out the
pathway to a decade of growth, gained clarity on the portfolio, and
ensured we are in excellent financial health even as we execute more
projects worldwide than ever before. Even with more global volatility,
the underlying drivers of population growth, an expanding global middle
class, the push for more localised manufacturing, artificial intelligence,
and the energy transition continue to underpin demand for what we do.

The world needs the copper, aluminium, iron
ore, and minerals we provide; our business
is evolving in line with this demand, recently
with our lithium business and the proposed
acquisition of Arcadium. Our robust results
and capital discipline demonstrate our
ability to grow organically and inorganically,
and to diversify and decarbonise our
business while creating significant
shareholder value. We have a lot of
momentum, and | am confident we can
deliver further value now and in the long
term by following our strategy and
continuing to focus on our 4 key objectives:
to become Best Operator, striving for
impeccable ESG credentials, to excel in
development and to deepen our

social licence.

That said, we are devastated that there
were 5 fatalities in the year, a tragic
reminder of why a relentless focus on safety
is so important in our industry. We are
committed to learning from these fatalities
to improve our processes everywhere.

Our purpose in action

As a Board, we have spent a lot of time in
2024 focusing on Rio Tinto’s strategy to
ensure we have the right portfolio of
commodities, clear milestones for success,
and are building capacity to meet the
increasing demand. We have seen this in
action on many site visits. For example, in
March, Ben Wyatt, Dean Dalla Valle and |
visited the Simandou project in Guinea
and witnessed early construction of the
620-kilometre railway. Less than a year on,
we have signed the co-development
agreements, crushed the first iron ore,
built 2 275-metre-long bridge, inaugurated
7 new schools and with a workforce of
‘over 13,000 people, around 81% of whom
are Guinean.

Annual Report 2024

As we build, we are working with
governments, communities and civil society
groups on biodiversity and socioeconomic
development. We are certainly not perfect,
but we are taking the necessary steps to
decpen our social licence. We cannol solve
our biggest challenges alone, and it is
important that our partnerships are
mutually beneficial for all our stakeholders.
A positive workplace culture is also key to
operational performance. So, while there is
still a long way to go, | am encouraged by
the progress we are making on our culture
change journey.

Well positioned in an uncertain
landscape

We are clearly in a time of significant
geopolitical volatility with conflict, trade
tensions and polarisation at domestic and
international levels. There will be further
volatility in 2025, but we are working on
what is within our control and Rio Tinto is
well-positioned to manage risk. | am
confident we have the right strategy to
meet the many opportunities and navigate
the challenges. Because, ultimately, what we
do is increasingly in demand and will remain
$0, despite the hurdles we must deal with
along the way, such as slow permitting.

Decarbonisation is core to our strategy.
We have ambitious targets to reduce our
emissions by 50% by 2030 and reach net
zero by 2050, and getting there will be
hard. But we have developed a roadmap
that should enable us to achieve our
targets while reducing energy uncertainty
and improving the underlying economics
for our assets. Our portfolio of
decarbonisation initiatives is focused

on value, giving us confidence that our
investments here are not only better for
the environment, but better for our business
for the long term. Considering the
complexity of the challenges before us,

innovation is becoming an even more
important part of our approach across Rio.
This is being driven by our Chief Innovation
Officer and our strong research and
development team, who are testing future
technologies and considering how we can
scale them competitively.

A team effort

In 2025, Rio Tinto will continue to focus on
building a culture where everyone feels
safe, respected and empowered, because
that is how an organisation delivers great
performance. We will also continue to forge
partnerships that enable us to grow and
deliver further attractive shareholder
returns. We cannot do this alone, and!
want to thank every one of our partners,
customers, suppliers, investors, governments,
communities and Indigenous Peoples who
supported us in 2024. Above all, | want to
thank our colleagues across the globe who
are helping us to find better ways to
provide the materials the world needs.

ee hey

Dominic Barton
Chair

19 February 2025

[F. Follow Dominic on
linkedin.com/in/dominicsbarton

Fiotintoxcom

Strategic report

From the Chief Executive

66 When | look back at 2024, | am proud of the progress our team has
made. The portfolio is evolving, production is growing, and we are
developing our technical skills and getting more disciplined at cost
management as we focus on becoming Best Operator, learn from
building major projects, and advance our decarbonisation agenda.

Itis in Rio Tinto’s DNA to deliver quality
assets of scale, at the lowest part of the
cost curve, and to find better ways to
provide the materials the world needs. in
2024 we tapped into this DNA to deliver
profitable, stable growth and significant
shareholder value. We are unfolding the
historic strength of Rio Tinto, and this
strength is clear in our financial results.

However, we still have much to learn and
improve, including on safety. We are
heartbroken by the loss of our colleagues in
2024, and deeply committed to learning
from every safety event.

Evolving our portfolio

We are continuing to align our portfolio with
the commodities where demand growth is
strongest, including lithium, a cornerstone
mineral of the energy transition. At the
Rincon project in Argentina, we went from
greenfield to first lithium in only 32 months,
and we are now expanding the plant. Along
with the proposed acquisition of Arcadium,
Rincon shows our commitment to building a
world-class battery minerals portfolio.

Building major projects

We are becoming much more skilled as an
organisation at executing projects at scale,
on time and to budget. Simandou has
progressed rapidly and is on track for first
production at mine gate in 2025. At Oyu
Tolgoi, we delivered first ore on the
conveyor to surface in October, and
production at the copper mine is expected
to grow by more than 50% in 2025. In
Canada, we are expanding the use of our
low-carbon AP6O aluminium smelting
technology. And these global teams of
experienced project-building professionals
are capturing and embedding their learnings.

‘Annual Report 2024

Towards Best Operator

We are also determined to realise the full
potential of our existing assets, which
means accelerating the drive to become
Best Operator. We made good progress on
this objective in 2024, achieving consistent
iron ore production in the Pilbara, and
reaching nameplate capacity at the Amrun
bauxite mine. Of course, Best Operator is
not only about production but also cost
competitiveness, and we are becoming
more disciplined at managing our costs.

We will move further and faster on this
objective in 2025, and seek to stabilise
assets such as Iron Ore Company of
Canada and Kennecott, which present huge
‘opportunities to unlock value. As we go
deeper into our sites with the Safe
Production System (SPS), we see how
much potential there is across our assets.

Impeccable ESG and social licence
Societal factors heavily influence our ability
to operate, which is why we are continuing
to move the dial on impeccable ESG and
‘our social licence. Decarbonising our
business is deeply physical and complex,
but we are starting to deliver projects to
reduce emissions while retaining value. We
can only achieve our ambitious targets by
working closely with stakeholders, so | was
encouraged by the agreement with the
Queensland Government to support Boyne
‘Smelters, and our efforts to secure the
long-term future of the Tiwai Point smelter
in New Zealand. It is up to others to judge
‘our progress, but | do sense we are
becoming a partner of choice globally. We
can win more hearts and minds by actioning
our purpose, finding better ways™, that are
more sustainable and are mutually beneficial.

Staying the course on culture change
Culture is fundamental to how we realise
the full value of our assets. The release of
the Everyday Respect Progress Review in
November was important, helping us
understand where we are on our culture
change journey. It is unacceptable that
colleagues are still experiencing harmful
behaviours, but we are encouraged that
many believe we are heading in the right
direction. We will stay the course, creating a
culture where everyone feels safe,
respected and empowered.

Delivering growth while creating value
We have considerable momentum heading
into 2025, and all the building blocks for an
incredibly strong, diversified and growing
business. We will continue taking actions
that ensure we remain strong in the short,
medium and long term, while paying
attractive returns to our shareholders.

We will have a laser focus on unlocking the
full potential of our assets as we go deeper
with SPS, deliver improved cost
management, and learn from executing
complex projects. We will improve our
culture and safety processes as part of an
accelerated drive to become Best Operator.
This way, we know we can afford to grow,
decarbonise, and build a portfolio of
materials the world needs, positioning us to
be more competitive as we grow.

Gebel

Jakob Stausholm
Chief Executive

19 February 2025

Follow Jakob on LinkedIn
linkedin.com/in/jakobstausholm

rfotinto.com

Strategic report

Strategic context

Our strategy is informed by a deep analysis of the interplay of global megatrends, explored
through the lens of plausible scenarios. These allow us to explore potential futures for our
industry and inform our portfolio decisions. Our success relies on our ability to strengthen
our resilience to changing externalities while building partnerships and capabilities that
enable us to capture emerging opportunities.

Our scenario approach

We use global scenarios in our strategy
and capital allocation processes to
stress test our portfolio and investment
decisions under alternative
macroeconomic settings. These are
created collaboratively, using Group-
wide expertise to capture important
market-specific trends and insights.
Our scenario framework focuses on 2
prevailing forces: the speed of global
economic growth and the trajectory of
climate action, each heavily influenced
by global geopolitics, governance and
technology. In 2024, we updated our
methodology, replacing our 2 former
core scenarios (Competitive and
Fragmented Leadership) with
Conviction and Resilience scenarios,
which inform our industry and project
evaluations under 2 distinct
macroeconomic settings:

- Conviction Scenario consists of
elements of both our former core
scenarios, envisaging a degree of
industry fragmentation and
increasing government intervention
in key markets, but also significant
progress in the development and
deployment of energy transition
technologies, in part driven by
heightened global competition.

- Resilience Scenario represents a
lower-growth world, where prevailing
geopolitical uncertainty and populist
and nationalist movements result in
weaker governance, fragmented
global trade, and less effective
climate action.

Additional scenarios provide sensitivity
analysis. These include our
Aspirational Leadership scenario,
which allows us to explore decisions in
a world that remains on track to limit
the global average temperature rise to
15°C (above pre-industrial levels) by
2100. We also test our analysis against
consensus forecasts to explore our
level of conviction against the market
and identify emerging opportunities
and risks.

These scenarios allow us to examine
the robustness of our investment
decisions, identify opportunities for
protecting against the downside,
gauge against market conviction and
evaluate areas where we see upside
potential beyond our peers.

‘Annual Report 2024

Policy fragmentation and

climate action

In 2024, we continued to see strong
government intervention in the market and
an increasingly fragmented policy
landscape as countries competed to
strengthen their position in key sectors. In
the 2 years since the US Inflation Reduction
Act was signed, tax credits have been
announced for a range of sectors, and
hundreds of billions of dollars of additional
investments have been announced by US
and foreign companies. Other regions have
continued to respond with legislation
designed to accelerate decarbonisation,
bolster local manufacturing and enhance
supply security (such as the recently
announced EU Net Zero industry Act).

While these initiatives have helped support
the energy transition in some ways, such

as by increasing electric vehicle (EV)
production capacity and renewable
projects, the fragmented climate policy
landscape and current economic
uncertainty have hindered global
momentum on decarbonisation. Global CO,
emissions are expected to increase
moderately in 2024, in line with the past

2 years, This is particularly apparent for
sectors that require significant capital to
switch to fossil-fuel alternatives. In 2024,
we have also seen policy support,
particularly in the US, continue to drift away
from climate action and towards sectors
deemed critical to national security, such as
defence, communications and computing.

Western reindustrialisation

To date, Western reindustrialisation in
processing (smelting and refining) and
manufacturing has been limited due to
strong low-cost international competition
and the widening capital intensity gap with
China, where participants continue to hone
their project development and
technological capabilities. To address these
challenges, Western governments have
adopted increasingly protectionist
approaches to support regional
competitiveness and reduce import
dependencies for strategic sectors.

In 2024, the US announced tariff increases
‘ona range of Chinese goods, including
semiconductors and solar cells (tariffs
increased from 25% to 50%), EV batteries
(from 7.5% to 25%) and EVs (from 25% to
100%). The EU also announced an increase
in tariffs on imported EVs from a 10% base
rate to up to 45.3% for some Chinese-built
EVs. Importantly, both the US and EU have
increased tariff and safeguard measures to

ensure their remaining processing base in
steel and aluminium smelting is preserved.
This is vital in reducing raw material supply
bottleneck risks.

Access to materials

In 2024, we also saw continued heightened
fears around raw material supply
disruptions, triggered by escalating
conflicts and retaliatory trade measures

{ie increased tariffs or export quotas on
critical minerals). In response, governments
and downstream participants in key
demand jurisdictions (the US, EU, China,
Japan and South Korea) have shown an
appetite to partner with metals and mining
companies to secure new sources of
supply. We have seen 3 key approaches:

= Reshoring of mining: Governments have
increased subsidy availability and state
support for domestic mining projects to
limit trade exposure risks. However,
attempts to reshore mining have been
limited due to resource quality and
capital constraints and prevailing
permitting challenges, particularly in
developed economies.

- New projects in the “Global South”:
Governments have increased efforts to
forge new bilateral and multi-lateral
partnerships, to help access high-quality
resources in developing economies.
This trend is driving strong competition
for high-quality projects and fuelling
demand for metals and mining partners
that can deliver projects while maintaining
regionally aligned ESG priorities.

= Recycling: For governments and original
equipment manufacturers, recycling
provides a potentially low capital, low
risk, and more socially acceptable
pathway to secure additional supply
while continuing to support the global
decarbonisation agenda. While China
has continued to build scrap-processing
capacity and capabilities (including
through the recently established China
Resources Recycling Group),
deindustrialisation, smelter closures
and inadequate collection schemes in
the West have weighed on progress.
To address this, several governments
initiated policies and strategies in 2024,
including Germany's National Circular
Economy Strategy and the US's Battery
‘and Critical Mineral Recycling
Grant Program.

Fiotintocom

Strategic report

Strategic framework

Our purpose is

— w
Finding better ways
to provide the materials the world needs.
This reflects our ambition to grow profitably and take a lead in the energy transition
by innovating and continuously improving.

See examples of how we're bringing our purpose to life at riotinto.com/purpose

Our strategy is how we achieve this.
Growing production of the materials the world needs for the energy transition
while reducing operational emissions and partnering to decarbonise our value chains.

‘See how our strategy is moving us forward for profitable growth at riotinto.com/strategy

Our 4 objectives give us a clear pathway for driving progress and delivering results,
in line with society's interests.

y
e @ g&
Become Best Operator, Strive for impeccable ESG Excel in development by Strengthen our social licence
through great teams bringing _—_ credentials by aligning our priorities shaping our portfolio for the by building meaningful
their best every day, to safely _with society's expectations future while progressing our partnerships, listening and
and sustainably realise the full and considering safety and existing project pipeline on learning, and earning trust.
value of our assets. sustainability in every decision. time and to budget.

@

‘See some of the ways we're progressing our objectives, on pages 10-1

Our values define how we show up, to build a workplace where everyone,
everywhere feels safe, respected and empowered to have a good day, every day.

@ (% @

We care about: We have the courage: And we have the curiosity:
the safety of ourselves and others to show vulnerability to learn and grow
creating an environment of trust to speak up and challenge when we to problem solve and find opportunities for
. can do better everyday innovation
our impact on others. . - :
to take ownership of our actions to be open to different perspectives.

and outcomes.

Our business model

---

ns of trade and export; and
infrastructure access.

Investors

$6.5bn

Total dividends declared to shareholders
(2023: $7.1bn)

Our investors include pension funds,
global fund managers, bondholders, and
tens of thousands of individuals around the
world, including approximately 36,000

Rio Tinto employees.

It is important that we understand our
investors’ needs and their vision for the

company. We therefore communicate and
engage extensively with them throughout
the year, both in person and through virtual
forums across multiple jurisdictions. In
addition to our annual general meetings in
the UK and Australia, we also held our
2024 Investor Seminar in London, where
our Executive Committee provided an
update on our progress against our
strategy and how we are advancing our
decarbonisation program.

Customers
1,730

Customers across multiple industries
and countries
(2023: 17707)

Our customers’ needs are central to our
operational decision making. We leverage
insights generated from everything we
buy, sell and move around the world.

We collaborate closely with customers

to ensure we deliver products that meet
their specific requirements and help
accelerate their decarbonisation goals.

Where possible, we partner to co-develop
solutions that support our ESG commitments.
To address customer needs for supply chain
traceability, we have expanded the scope of
‘our START™ sustainability label to cover
copper cathodes, metal powders and salt.
Similar to our aluminium products, we are
now providing ESG metrics associated with
sourcing and producing these materials from
mine to market.

Suppliers
$31bn

‘Spent with suppliers globally in 2024
(2023: $29bn*)

By improving how, and what, we buy we are
able to support our assets to become Best
Operator. This means reducing costs and
improving transactional efficiency while
improving the quality of what we purchase.
As part of this approach, we partner with
local and Indigenous businesses where
possible. This supports our efforts to have a
positive impact where we operate, so that
we help to create stronger communities that
support our operations, while giving them
the opportunity to share in our success.

Working in partnership with our suppliers
helps us to advance our day-to-day
operations to ensure we are delivering
solutions that best support our product
groups. These strong relationships will also
allow us to decarbonise our business faster.

We work hard to build trusted relationships
with our suppliers that align with our values
and strategic objectives.

1. Includes our total workforce based on managed operations (excludes the Group's share of non-managed operations and joint ventures) as of 31 December 2024, rounded to the nearest 000.
2. 2023 data has been restated using an updated approach for obtaining customer numbers across product groups. Numbers are for managed entities only.

3. 2023 data has been restated to reflect a change in the definition of global supplier spend to include total contestable spend.

Annual Report 2024

rlotintacom

Strategic report

Progressing our 4 objectives
Becoming Best Operator

What we are focusing on

Eliminating fatalities, preventing catastrophic events and
reducing injuries.

- Executing our strategy to deliver attractive shareholder returns
and build a stronger, more diversified, and growing business.

- Safely and sustainably realising the full value of our assets,
through our Safe Production System (SPS).

In 2024

Safety

- Our all-injury frequency rate (AIFR) was 0.37 in 2024 (consistent
with 0.37 in 2023).

- Tragically, there were 5 fatalities in our business in 2024, and we
continue to see serious events where people are exposed to
potential fatal incidents.

Operational performance

Our overall operating performance improved, and we delivered 1%
production growth and a 3% increase in sales volumes, both on a
‘copper equivalent basis (based on long-term consensus pricing).

- Some assets continued to face challenges, particularly Iron Ore
Company of Canada, Kennecott and Rio Tinto Iron & Titanium.

At the end of 2024, we had commenced deployment of SPS at 31 (80%)

of our sites. These sites account for over 95% of the production uplift

‘opportunity identified:

- Atour Pilbara iron ore operations, we achieved our SPS target
of 5 million tonnes, and Gudai-Darri reached 5OMtpa rates.

Striving for impeccable ESG

What we are focusing on

- Embedding sustainability in our decisions, to support our journey
to becoming Best Operator.

- Striving for impeccable ESG credentials across our work,
including in health, safety and wellbeing, environment and nature,
decarbonisation, communities, diversity, and culture.

- Truly listening to communities so we can find better ways to work
together, and building cultural competency across Rio Tinto.

In 2024

Environment

- We are turning strategy into action on decarbonisation, and this
year committed to carbon abatement projects representing
more than 3 million tonnes of annual emissions.

- We shared our support for the ICMM's Nature Position
Statement, which sets out CMM members’ approach to
contributing to a nature-positive future.

- We laid the foundation for our nature strategy and target
program, through consultations with stakeholders.

Social

- We published the findings of an independent, external Progress
Review on our work to deliver sustained workplace cultural
change. It assessed our progress in the 2 years since we
published the Everyday Respect Report, and identified areas
that require our continued effort.

- We strengthened our approach to psychosocial risk
management, running more risk assessments, and helping
leaders identify hazards and implement controls.

- We developed a 3-year human rights learning strategy and a
global learning program to support training for our people in
higher-risk human rights roles.

‘Annual Report 2024

~ 6% year-on-year increase in good anodes produced at
Kennecott (excluding shutdowns and 2023 furnace rebuild).

- Record annual production at Amrun.

Our priorities for the future

Safety

- Continuing to support contractor safety, further integrating
contrac