Rio Tinto plc (registration number 00719885)
Annual Report 2021

WI

14/04/2022
COMPANIES HOUSE

106

Nomenclature and financial data

Rio Tinto pic and Rio Tinto Limited operate together and are referred to in this report as Rio Tinto, the Rio Tinto Group or the Group. These expressions
are used for convenience, since both companies, and other companies in which they directly or indirectly own investments, are separate and distinct
legal entities. Likewise, the words “we”, “us”, “our” and “ourselves” are used in some places to refer to the companies of the Rio Tinto Group in general.
These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying any particular company or companies. We usually omit ‘Limited’,
“ple”, “Pty’, “Inc.”, “Limitada”, “L.L.C.", “A.S." or “SA” from Group company names, except to distinguish between Rio Tinto pic and Rio Tinto Limited.
Financial data in US dollars ($) is derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the 2021 financial statements. In general, where we have
provided financial data in pounds sterling (£) and Australian dollars (AS), it has been translated from the consolidated financial statements, and is
provided solely for convenience; exceptions arise where data has been extracted directly from source records. Certain key information has been
provided in US dollars, pounds sterling and Australian dollars in the 2021 financial statements.

Rio Tinto acknowledges the First Nations custodians
of land where we work and live around the world.
We respect their unique connection to land,

waters and the environment.

Cover | Operations Centre, Perth. Western Australia.
Inside front cover | QIT Madagascar Minerals (QMM).

The photography in this report may not reflect the COVID-19 regulations in place on site at the time of publication.

Contents

Strategic report

2021 highlights

2021 at aglance

Chairman's statement

Chief Executive's statement
Strategic context

Our values

Our stakeholders — our section 172(1) statement
Our business model

Key performance indicators
Chief Financial Officer's statement
Financial review

Portfolio management
Business reviews

Iron Ore

Aluminium

Copper

Minerals

Commercial

Innovation

Sustainability

Risk report

Risk management

Principal risks and uncertainties
Five-year review

Directors’ report

Governance

Chairman's introduction

Board of Directors

Executive Committee

Board insights

Our stakeholders - our section 172(1) statement
Matters discussed in 2021

Governance framework

Evaluating our performance

Nominations Committee report

Audit Committee report

Sustainability Committee report
Remuneration report

Annual statement by the Remuneration Committee Chair
Response to 2021 AGM voting outcomes
Remuneration at a glance

Implementation report

Additional statutory disclosure
Compliance with governance codes
and standards

42
48

60
66
70
72

12
117
131

133

136
138
140
143
145
146
148
151
156

163
165
71

205

Financial statements

Group income statement

Group statement of comprehensive income

Group cash flow statement

Group balance sheet

Group statement of changes in equity
Reconciliation with Australian accounting standards

Outline of dual listed companies structure and
basis of financial statements

Notes to the 2021 financial statements
Rio Tinto plc company balance sheet

Rio Tinto ple company statement of changes in equity
Rio Tinto financial information by business unit
Australian Corporations Act - Summary of ASIC relief
Directors’ declaration

Independent auditors’ reports

Auditors’ independence dectaration

Alternative Performance Measures

Financial summary 2012-2021

‘Summary financial data in Australian Dollars,
Sterling and US Dollars

Production, Ore Reserves, Mineral
Resources and Operations

Metals and Minerals Production

Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves

Competent Persons

Mines and production facilities

Additional information

Independent limited assurance report

Shareholder information

Contact details

Cautionary statement about forward-looking statements

Visit riotinto.com to find out more

Annual Report 2021 | riotinto.com

212
213
214
215
216
217

217
218
32
313
318

322
323
342
343
348

349

351
353
378
380

407
410
419
420

Amrun operations, Chith Export Facility. Weipa operations, Australia.

2 Annual Report 2021 | riotinto.com

All-injury frequency rate

0.40

(2020: 0.37)

Fatalities

Zero

(2020: zero)

Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse
gas emissions (equity Mt CO,e)

31.1Mt

(2020: 31.5Mt)

People who undertook cultural
awareness training’

22,400

(2020 comparative dataset is not available due to

programme changes)

Women in our workforce

21.6%

(2020: 20.1%)

Strategic report

Consolidated sales revenues

S$63.5bn

(2020: $44.6bn)

Net cash generated from
operating activities

$25.3bn

(2020: $15.9)

Underlying EBITDA?

$37.7bn

(2020: $23.9bn)

Profit after tax attributable to owners of
Rio Tinto (net earnings)

$21.1bn

(2020: $9.8bn)

Total dividend per share

1,040 cents

(2020: 557 cents)

1. People who undertook cultural awareness training included employees and contractors, Course content and length varied depending on cultural and operational context.

2. reconciliation of underlying EBITDA to its closest IFRS measures presented on page 343,

Annual Report 2021 | riotinto.com 3

2021 at aglance

Our business comprises a portfolio of
world-class assets that help meet
society's current and future needs and
generate strong cash flows through

the cycle.

Product groups

Iron Ore

Iron ore is the primary raw material used to make steel. Steel is
strong, long-lasting and cost-efficient, making it perfect for
everything from wind turbines to skyscrapers and ships.

Aluminium

Aluminium is one of the world's fastest-growing major metals.
Lightweight and recyclable, it is found in everything from solar panels
to electric vehicles and smartphones.

Our vertically integrated aluminium portfolio spans high-quality bauxite
mines, alumina refineries and smelters which, in Canada, are powered

In the Pilbara region of Western Australia, we produce five iron ore
products, including the Pilbara Blend™, the world’s most traded

brand of iron ore.

Our Dampier Salt operations in Western Australia are the
world's largest exporter of seaborne salt, produced from

evaporating seawater.

This quality product suite is well positioned to benefit from
continued demand across China, Japan and other markets.

entirely by clean, renewable energy.

Our unique assets allow us to provide responsible aluminium with a
low-carbon footprint, traceable from mine to metal.

Our low-cost, hydro-based aluminium smelters will continue to
grow their distinct structural advantages as we move towards a
net zero world.

Gross product sales Underlying EBITDA Gross product sales Underlying EBITDA
$39.6bn $27.6bn $12.7bn $4.4bn
(2020: $27.5bn) (2020: $18.8bn) (2020: $9.3bn) (2020: $2.2bn)
Production (100% basis) Production (our share)

319.7Mt 54:3Mt 3,15 1kt
iron ore bauxite aluminium
(2020: 333.4Mt) (2020: 56.1Mt) (2020: 3,180kt)
CO,¢ emissions All-injury CO,¢ emissions All-injury

(our share) frequency rate (our share) frequency rate
3.0Mt 0.67 21.9Mt 0.33

(2020: 3.0Mt) (2020: 0.53) (2020: 21.8Mt) (2020: 0.34)"

4 Annual Report 2021 |riotinto.com

1. QurGove operations’ closure unit was transferred from Aluminium to Closure, causing
change in historical AIFR, previously noted as 0.36 in cur 2020 Annual Report.

Iron Ore Company of Canada (IOC), operations.

Copper

Copper is essential to the transition to a low-carbon future as it
plays a key role in electrification and power generation, including
in renewable energy and electric vehicles.

Our operations span the globe, from Mongolia to Chile to the US,
and occupy various stages of the mining lifecycle.

With global decarbonisation goals set to drive growing demand for
copper and other key commodities, our pipeline of growth projects
strongly positions us as a partner in sustainable growth.

In addition to copper, our product group also includes the Simandou
iron ore project in Guinea, the largest known undeveloped
high-grade iron ore deposit in the world?.

Minerals ~

Our Minerals product group provides materials essential to a wide
variety of industries, ranging from agriculture to renewable energy
and electric vehicles.

We produce high-grade, low-impurity iron ore pellets and concentrate,
titanium dioxide, diamonds and borates from our operations in Canada,
Madagascar, South Africa and the US.

We contribute to Rio Tinto's sustainable growth by unlocking value
from our high-grade orebodies and developing new materials.

By reprocessing mining waste to extract valuable by-products, we are
expanding our frontiers and meeting the increasing demand for critical
minerals, such as lithium and scandium.

Underlying EBITDA

$4.0bn

(2020: $2.1bn)

Gross product sales

$7.8bn

(2020: $5.0bn)

Production (our share)

494kt
mined copper
(2020: 528kt)

CO, emissions All-injury

(our share) frequency rate
2.2Mt 0.21

(2020: 26M) (2020: 0.25)

2. Simandou is an ron ore project but is reported under Copper due to the management structure.

Underlying EBITDA

$2.6bn

(2020: $1.7bn)

Gross product sales

$6.5bn

(2020: $5.2bn)

Production (our share)

1,014kt 9.7Mt

titanium dioxide iron ore pellets and
slag concentrates
(2020: 1,120kt) (2020: 10.4Mt)

CO,¢ emissions
(our share)

3.4Mt

(2020: 3.6Mt)

All-injury
frequency rate

0.38

(2020: 0.43)

‘Annual Report 2021|riotinto.com 5

Chairman's statement

In 2021, Rio Tinto focused on rebuilding
relationships and strengthening our
social licence, while producing record
financial results as the developed world
and China recovered strongly from the
economic dislocation caused by the

COVID-19 pandemic.

During the first half of 2021, the Board appointed Jakob Stausholm as
Chief Executive and Peter Cunningham as Chief Financial Officer, and
nine members of the Executive Committee also took up new roles.
After this unprecedented period of management change, consolidation
and planning for the future were the major focus during the remainder
of the year.

Following extensive engagement with management and the Board,
the new team led by Jakob established four objectives - to become
the best operator; achieve impeccable environmental, social and
governance (ESG) credentials; excel in development; and secure a
strong licence to operate. In addition, we introduced three new values
~ care, courage and curiosity — and a new strategy, including
significantly more ambitious targets to address climate change.

With the new leadership team and a clearly articulated strategy in
place, in 2022 we will focus on delivering the strategy, in collaboration
with our partners and other stakeholders.

Safety and wellbeing

Rio Tinto achieved zero fatalities for a third consecutive year in 2021.
This reflects the hard work and dedication of our employees and
contractors worldwide. Sadly, however, people are still getting injured
at work, so we must remain vigilant and focused.

While some countries are gradually adapting to life with COVID-19,
the pandemic continues to exact a heavy toll, particularly in developing
countries, including Mongolia, South Africa and India, and at our
non-managed operations in South America. | am very proud of the care
shown by our employees and contractors, for each other and for their
local communities, by prioritising safety controls, supporting
vaccination programmes and setting up vaccination clinics near many
of our operations.

Recognising that our responsibility for ensuring the wellbeing of our
employees and contractors extends beyond the traditional areas of
health and safety, Rio Tinto launched the Everyday Respect initiative in
2021. The objective is to create a safer, more respectful and inclusive
environment by preventing, and improving how we respond to,
unacceptable behaviour in the workplace.

lam grateful to Elizabeth Broderick, formerly the Australian sex
discrimination commissioner, for advising the Everyday Respect task
force that we set up to drive this initiative, and to the more than 10,000
employees and contractors worldwide who participated in listening

6 Annual Report 2021 | riotinto.com’

sessions and surveys as part of the discovery phase. The findings of
the Everyday Respect task force were published in February 2022 and
made confronting reading. Having established and acknowledged the
extent of the problem, we are urgently implementing the
recommendations set out in the report.

Financial performance, economic contribution
and dividend

Our operating and project development performance in 2021 was
adversely impacted by COVID-19-related travel restrictions and labour
shortages, and the transition to improved communities and heritage
management processes in the Pilbara and elsewhere.

Nevertheless, the Group achieved record financial results, with underlying
earnings of $21.4 billion (2020: $12.4 billion) and net cash generated from
operating activities of $25.3 billion (2020: $15.9 billion). Profit after tax
attributable to owners of Rio Tinto was $21.1 billion (2020: $9.8 billion)
and our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong with net cash of

$16 billion (2020: net debt of $0.7 billion). These results reflect the quality
of Rio Tinto's assets and strong commodity prices, particularly during the
first half of 2021.

The Group's direct economic contribution to the countries where we
operate, including payments to employees, suppliers, governments and
shareholders, amounted to $66.6 billion (2020: $47 billion). Corporate tax
paid in 2021 was $8.5 billion (2020: $5.3 billion), which when combined
with royalties and other taxes, and with our share of taxes and royalties
paid by equity accounted units, resulted in payments to governments of
‘over $13 billion (2020: $8.4 billion), including over $11 billion

(2020: $6.8 billion) paid in Australia.

In recognition of this strong performance, the Board is recommending a
final dividend of 417 US cents (2020: 309 US cents) and a special
dividend of 62 US cents per share (2020: 93 US cents), taking total
dividends declared to shareholders this year to a new record of $16.8 billion.

Environmental, social and governance
(ESG) credentials

Climate change is the defining issue of our time. In October 2021, Jakob
and | travelled to Glasgow for COP26, the UN Climate Change Conference,
to meet governments, civil society organisations, financiers and business

leaders seeking solutions to the common goal of tackling climate change.

While the UN conference achieved some important breakthroughs, it
also underlined the urgent need for greater action if the world is to meet
its commitments under the Paris Agreement and achieve a just transition
toa low-carbon economy.

Just two weeks before COP26, we announced our new strategy, setting
out our plans for growth in materials, such as copper and lithium, that are
essential for the energy transition, as well as significantly more ambitious
carbon reduction targets in our operations. We have accelerated our
target of a 15% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions from
2030 to 2025, and established a challenging new target to achieve a
50% reduction by 2030.

To thrive in the long-term, we need to be part of net zero value chains,
particularly for steel and aluminium production, so we also have ambitious
plans to work in collaboration with our customers and suppliers to reduce our
indirect Scope 3 emissions. In 2019, we established our flagship partnership
with China Baowu and Tsinghua University, followed by our partnership
with Nippon Steel Corporation in 2020, In 2021 we added two new steel
ecarbonisation partnerships with POSCO in South Korea and BlueScope in
Australia. Our efforts to decarbonise aluminium smetting include scaling-up
the breakthrough ELYSIS™ technology, for commercialisation by 2024.

We also have the ambition to reduce our shipping emissions intensity by
40% by 2025 and to reach net zero by 2050.

(One of the themes at COP26, and the earfier G7 meeting, was an increasing
awareness that constraints in the supply of critical raw materials, such as
copper, lithium and certain rare earth elements, potentially threaten to delay
the transition to a low-carbon economy. We were disappointed to hear
recent announcements by the Government of Serbia in relation to the Jadar
lithium project. While the benefits of projects like Jadar are significant
and global in enabling the energy transition, we acknowledge the
concerns of the local community and have worked hard to mitigate local
impacts while maximising the potential social and economic benefits to
Serbia, Taken together with the responsible development of the
Resolution Copper project in the US, our growing lithium portfolio has.
the potential to strengthen the resilience of supply chains serving the
renewable energy sector and electric vehicle manufacturers.

We are also evaluating the use of our landholdings to develop verifiable,
nature-based carbon offsets for those parts of our business where
abatement is technologically challenging or prohibitively expensive.
These carbon offset projects also have the potential to deliver significant
biodiversity, community and water management benefits. In addition,

we are participating in two early-stage carbon mineralisation research
projects, in Iceland and the US.

In September 2021, we published an interim report on our communities
and social performance commitments, as we continue to implement
the recommendations arising from the Juukan Gorge tragedy. We have
initiated numerous other workstreams to strengthen our relations and
build mutually beneficial partnerships with Traditional Owners and
other Indigenous peoples around the world. Further details are set out
on pages 94-95 of this report.

Leadership, culture and values

Following his appointment as Chief Executive on 1 January 2021, Jakob
moved rapidly to appoint his new leadership team and to roll out anew
development programme for our top managers, designed to achieve a
more collaborative, inclusive and effective senior leadership team.
Over the coming months, over 400 General Managers will join a similar
programme. Their leadership will be crucial as we seek to embed the
desired values and behaviours.

Stakeholder and workforce engagement

Despite the travel restrictions imposed by the pandemic, Board
members engaged extensively with stakeholders throughout the year,
including having regular updates with shareholders, governments, local
communities, and Traditional Owners, and hosting three civil society
roundtables, in Australia, Europe and North America.

The Board expanded its engagement with the workforce, through site
visits, in-person and virtual town halls, podcasts, videos, and listening
sessions. Feedback from these events suggests that our employees
are generally optimistic about the future and the changes taking place
across the Group. There is good support for the new leadership team,
our new strategy and values, and the Everyday Respect initiative,
coupled with a realistic acknowledgement that cultural change takes
time and the leadership team will be judged by their actions, not

their words.

Sadly, we are seeing increasing staff turnover, and usage of our
Employee Assistance Programme remains high, reflecting the
pressures, both at home and at work, that many of our employees are
experiencing, in part because of the pandemic.

Annual Report 2021|riotinto.com 7

Chairman's statement continued

Board and Executive Committee

Itis a testamenttto the strength of Rio Tinto's talent pool and
succession planning that all but two of the positions created by the
significant management changes that were necessary at the start of
2021, were filled with internal candidates. The new team, under Jakob’s
leadership, has worked tirelessly to ensure a smooth transition and to
co-create our new strategy and values. | am very grateful to them and
to all our employees and contractors for their hard work and
commitment during another challenging, but successful, year.

We were delighted to welcome Ben Wyatt to the Board in September.
Ben's knowledge of finance, public policy, trade and Indigenous affairs
has already proved to be invaluable. As previously announced, | will
step down as Chairman following the Australian annual general
meeting in May 2022. | am delighted that the Board has announced the
appointment of Dominic Barton as Chair-designate. Dominic has
extensive business and international relations knowledge as well as
deep understanding of the linkages between business, governments
and society. | wish him every success.

Reflections and outlook

As| reach the end of my eight years on the Board, ithas been a privilege
tobe part of the leadership team of this great company and | am proud of
the direction that Rio Tinto is taking and of the talent, resilience and
enthusiasm of our employees and contractors around the world.

Our third successive fatality-free year underlines our commitment to
safety and strengthens a mindset where zero fatalities has become the
expectation, not the exception. The Group's response to COVID-19 has
also been exemplary. We have kept all our managed operations
worldwide running safely and smoothly, protecting thousands of jobs at
our suppliers and customers, while safeguarding our employees,
contractors and local communities. In many ways, the pandemic brought
out the best of Rio Tinto. It was inspiring to see how the organisation
pulled together to support each other and their commurities.

We have emerged from the challenges of the last few years with a firm
commitment to become a more inclusive, respectful and caring
company that values genuine partnerships with all our stakeholders.
Our purpose remains to produce minerals and metals essential to
human progress, and we have set out a new strategy that seeks to
re-establish Rio Tinto as a leader in an industry that has a uniquely
important and challenging role to play in creating a sustainable

and prosperous future for people and the planet. The strategy is
designed to achieve a 50% reduction in our greenhouse gas
emissions by 2030 and net zero by 2050, including breakthrough
technology to decarbonise the production of aluminium, one of the
most energy-intensive industrial processes in the world.

We have also increased the diversity of our workforce, our
management team and the Board, and have taken important steps to
ensure that all our operations provide a safe, inclusive workspace,
where everyone can achieve their full potential. And last, but not least,
we have produced record financial results.

Let me finish by thanking my colleagues on the Board, and especially
Jakob, for their hard work, commitment and dedication to Rio Tinto
over the past year and for their insights, advice and support during my
time as Chairman.

SR. Chempie

‘Simon Thompson
Chairman

23 February 2022

8 Annual Report 2021 | riotinto.com

Statement from Dominic Barton,
Chair-designate

It is a great honour to succeed Simon Thompson as Chair
of Rio Tinto, starting on 5 May 2022.

lam delighted to be joining the Board of this great,
long-standing company of almost 150 years. Rio Tinto
truly is a global business, with a dedicated and talented
workforce, world-class assets, safe and well-run
operations, and a strong balance sheet.

Importantly, Rio Tinto has the opportunity to make a
significant contribution to society at a pivotal moment in
history - by effectively facilitating the transition toa
lower-carbon economy. Through our products, people,
Partnerships and technologies, we aim to help enable a
decarbonising world, while maintaining our focus on
capital discipline, pursuing growth, and delivering
attractive returns to shareholders.

Building even stronger relationships with our customers,
partners and local communities will be an important part of
this journey, and something that | am particularly passionate
about. | am also keen to ensure that we create a safe,
respectful and inclusive work environment. ! welcome the
proactive commissioning and subsequent publication

of the recent review into workplace culture at Rio Tinto,
and | fully support Jakob and the management team in
implementing the recommendations.

There is much work ahead as we navigate a shifting
competitive landscape, grapple with the ongoing pandemic
and other societal challenges, reset and strengthen
relationships, progress our growth projects, and embed a
change in mindset and behaviours throughout the
organisation in line with Rio Tinto’s new values,

am encouraged by the company’s resolve as it seeks to
realise these opportunities, and | look forward to working
closely with Jakob Stausholm, Peter Cunningham and my
Board colleagues as we implement our strategy. With the
new strategic direction that we have set in 2021, | am really
excited about the opportunities that lie ahead to deliver
sustainable growth for Rio Tinto, our shareholders and our
wider stakeholders.

Dominic Barton
Chair-designate

23 February 2022

We have set out a new
strategy that seeks to
re-establish Rio Tinto

as a leader in an industry
that has a uniquely
important and challenging
role to play in creating

a sustainable and
prosperous future for
people and the planet.

Simon Thompson
Chairman

Chief Executive's statement

2021 was a defining year as we seta
new direction to take Rio Tinto forward.

When I began leading this company as Chief Executive, it quickly
became clear that we needed to reset the dial with a clearer sense of
purpose — putting respect for people, communities and land at the
heart of our contribution, Building on our strengths and learning from
our past, we are determined to shift the way we see ourselves and the
world and ensure that Rio Tinto thrives in the decades to come.

Some of my first actions were to stabilise our company, start to rebuild
damaged relationships, and set the overall direction to make Rio Tinto
stronger. We implemented the biggest management change in our
corporate history and rallied our efforts around four objectives: being
the best operator, achieving impeccable environmental, social and
governance (ESG) credentials, excelling in development, and
strengthening our social licence.

The four objectives are underpinned by the launch of our Rio Tinto Sate
Production System (RTSPS), our new strategy, and a set of simple
values that connect us all as human beings ~ care, courage and
curiosity. | am proud of the depths of talent, energy and commitment in
‘our organisation as well as the progress we made in 2021. know there
is still much to do, and we are all committed to making Rio Tinto an
even better company.

10 Annual Report 2021 |riotinto.com

Safety above all

Safety is at the core of how we operate each and every day. Nothing
matters more than the safety and wellbeing of our employees and
contractors, and | am pleased that we have experienced our third
consecutive year with no fatalities at our managed operations. While
this is good news, being able to go home to one's family at the end of a
shift should be a given, not an achievement.

Iwas extremely saddened when a colleague from Richards Bay
Minerals (RBM) was tragically Killed this year in a violent incident
off-site, To ensure the safety of our team in South Africa, we made the
decision to curtail operations at the site for a number of months.

(Our all-injury frequency rate (AIFR) increased slightly in 2021, and we
are still seeing situations where colleagues could have died, most often
from falling objects or falling from heights. While we have made some
safety improvements and are on the right path, every injury is one too
many. We fundamentally believe that all incidents and injuries

are preventable.

The ongoing pandemic has touched all of us in some way, affecting
both our physical and our mental wellbeing. Sadly, we have lost
colleagues around the worl