wut

Strategic Report

Our Business

2020 at a Glance
Chairman's Statement
Juukan Gorge -

Chief Executive's Statement
Our Business Model

Our Values

Our Stakeholders

Strategic Context

Our Strategy

Key Performance Indicators
Chief Financial Officer's Statement
Financial Review

Portfolio Management
Business Reviews
Business Development

Iron Ore

Aluminium

Copper & Diamonds

Energy & Minerals
Innovation

Commercial

Sustainability

Risk Report

Risk Management

Principal Risks and Uncertainties
Five-year Review

riotinto.com

10
12
16
17

20
22
24
29
31
39

40
42
46
50

58
60
62

92
95
109

Directors’ Report
Governance

Chairman's Introduction

Juukan Gorge

Board of Directors

Executive Committee
Governance Framework
Matters Discussed in 2020

Our Stakeholders

Board Insights

Evaluating Our Performance
Nominations Committee Report
Audit Committee Report
Sustainability Committee Report
Remuneration Report

Annual Statement by the
Remuneration Committee Chairman

Remuneration at a Glance
Remuneration Policy
Implementation Report
Additional Statutory Disclosure
Compliance with Governance
Codes and Standards

113
114
116
118
120
121
122
124
126
128
131
136

140
144
151
159
186

191

Financial Statements
Group Income Statement

Group Statement of
Comprehensive Income

Group Cash Flow Statement
Group Balance Sheet

Group Statement of Changes
in Equity

Reconciliation with Australian
Accounting Standards

Outline of Dual Listed
Companies Structure and
Basis of Financial Statements

Notes to the 2020 Financial
Statements

Rio Tinto ple Company Balance
Sheet

Rio Tinto plc Company Statement of
Changes in Equity

Rio Tinto Financial Information by
Business Unit

Australian Corporations Act
Summary of ASIC Relief

Directors’ Declaration

Independent Auditors’ Reports
Auditors’ Independence Declaration
Financial Summary 2011-2020
Summary Financial Data

Production, Reserves
and Operations

Metals and Minerals Production
Ore Reserves

Mineral Resources

Competent Persons

Mines and Production Facilities

Additional Information

Independent Limited Assurance
Report - Sustainability

‘Shareholder Information
Contact Details

Cautionary Statement about
Forward-Looking Statements

200

202
203

204

205

205
206
301
302
306

310
311
312
328
334
335

339
341
345
350
352

373
375
383

384

Highlights

Zero

fatalities

$47bn

direct economic contribution

$1bn

over five years
for climate-related projects

26%

women in senior leadership,
up 3.5% year on year with
an aim to improve

$15.9bn

net cash generated from
operating activities

(2019: $14.9bn)

$9.4bn

Free cash flow
(2019: $9.2bn)

$9.8bn

net earnings
(2019: $8.0bn)

$12.4bn

Underlying earnings
(2019: $10.4bn)

$23.9bn

Underlying EBITDA
(2019: $21.2bn)

$44.6bn

consotidated sales revenues
(2019: $43.2bn)

27%

Return on capital employed (ROCE)
(2019: 24%)

Strategic Report

2020 at a Glance

Our business comprises a portfolio of world-class assets that it generate
strong cash flows through the cycle.

Group highlights

$15.9bn

Net cash from operating activities
(2019: $14.3bn)

110.1%

Total shareholder return (TSR)
(2019: 49.6%)

Product groups

Fe

Iron Ore
Iron ore is the primary raw material used to make steel.
Steel is strong, long-lasting and cost-efficient - making

it perfect for everything from washing machines to cars,

bridges and skyscrapers.

In the Pilbara region of Western Australia, we produce
five iron ore products including the Pilbara Blend™, the
world's most recognised brand of iron ore.

Our Dampier Salt operations in Western Australia are
the world’s largest exporter of seaborne salt, produced
from evaporating seawater.

This quality product suite is well positioned to benefit
from continued demand across China, Japan and
other markets.

Gross product sales

$27.5bn

(2019: $24.1bn)

557 cents

Total dividend per share (DPS)
(2019: 443 cents)

Underlying EBITDA

$18.8bn

(2019: $16.1bn)

Production (100% basis)

333.4 mtiron ore

(2019: 326.7mt)

CO,e emissions (100% basis)

3.5mt

(2019: 3.2mt)

All-injury frequency rate

0.53

(2019: 0.66)

Al

Aluminium

Aluminium is one of the world's fastest-growing major
metals. Lightweight and recyclable, it is found in
everything from jet engines to electric vehicles to
smartphones. Our vertically integrated aluminium
portfolio spans high-quality bauxite mines to alumina
refineries to smelters which, in Canada, are powered
entirely by clean, renewable energy with an average
position in the first decile of the cost curve.

Annual Report 2020 | riotinto.com

Gross product sales

$9.3bn

(2019: $10.3bn)

Underlying EBITDA

$2.2bn

(2019: $2.3bn)

Production (our share)
56.1mt bauxite

(2019: 55.1mt)

3,180kt aluminium
(2019: 3,171kt)

CO,e emissions (our share)

21.8mt

(2019: 21.7mt)

All-injury frequency rate

0.36

(2019: 0.46)

2020 at a Glance

0.37 4

All-injury frequency rate (AIFR)
(2019: 0.42)

New Scope 3 goals

Copper & Diamonds

Copper is essential to the transition to a low-carbon
future as it plays a key role in electrification and power
generation, including in renewable energy and electric
vehicles. Our operations span the globe, from Mongolia
to Chile to the US, and occupy various stages of the
mining lifecycle. Our white and coloured diamonds are
some of the world's most sought-after gems.

Cu

3.2%

Reduction in CO, e, equivalent emi:
against 2018 baseline

Gross product sales

$5.4bn

(2019: $5.8bn)

Underlying EBITDA

$2.2bn

(2019: $2.1bn)

Production (our share)

528kt mined copper
(2019: 577kt)

CO, e emissions (our share)

2.7mt

(2019: 2.8 mt)

All-injury frequency rate

0.30

(2019: 0.28)

° Energy & Minerals
Ti Our Energy and Minerals product group provides
materials essential to a wide variety of industries,
ranging from agriculture to renewable energy and
electric vehicles, We produce high-grade low impurity
B iron ore pellets and concentrate, titanium dioxide and
borates from our operations in Africa, Canada and the
US. We contribute to Rio Tinto’s sustainable growth by
untocking value from our high-grade orebodies and
F developing new materials. By giving a second life to
e mining waste with by-products, we are expanding our
frontiers for the increasing demand for critical minerals.
We apply innovative technology and processes to deliver
products that will contribute to a decarbonising and
sustainable modern world.

Gross product sales

$5.0bn

(2019: $5.2bn)

Underlying EBITDA

$1.6bn

(2019: $1.8bn)

Production (our share) “
1,1 20kt titanium dioxide slag

(2019: 1,206Kt)

10.4 mtiron ore pellets and concentrates
(2019: 10.5mt)

All-injury frequency rate

0.41

(2019: 0.43)

CO,e emissions (our share)

3.6 mt

(2019: 3.8 mt)

Annual Report 2020 | riotinto.com

uodan aiBaiens

Strategic
Report

‘An employee at Boyne Smelters Limited in
Queensland, Australia. Aluminium, found in
a wide range of essential products, including
hospital equipment, is made from bauxite.

4 Annual Report 2020 | riotinto.com

Strategie Meport

Safety

is our first value

Zero

As COVID-19 threatened lives and livelihoods,
the entire company mobilised to safeguard our
employees, contractors and communities, and to keep
our operations running. Our success in 2020 was due,
in no small part, to this remarkable effort by
our entire workforce.

Our strong performance in many areas during 2020 was
overshadowed by the destruction of two ancient rock
shelters in the Juukan Gorge. | reiterate our unreserved
apology to the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura (PKKP)
people for the destruction of the rock shelters.

We are committed to learning the lessons from
Juukan Gorge to ensure that the destruction of a site
of such exceptional cultural significance
never happens again.

Simon Thompson
Chairman

Annual Report 2020 | riotinto.com

Chairman’s Statement

Today, shareholders are increasingly focused not only on
the financial return that they can earn on their investment,
but also on how that return is made. In order to build and
maintain trust in Rio Tinto, we must seek to achieve
environmental and social goals alongside generating profit
for our shareholders. Our purpose as a company is to
produce materials essential to human progress and we are
committed to fulfilling this role in a sustainable and
inclusive way.

In 2020, our safety performance and our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic
were a demonstration of this company at its best. However, the destruction of the
rock shelters at Juukan Gorge, in Western Australia, was a breach of both our values
and the trust placed in us by the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura (PKKP) people
and other Traditional Owners of the land on which we operate. In the months and
years to come, we are determined to learn the lessons from Juukan Gorge, to rebuild
the trust that has been lost, and to re-establish our leadership in environmental and
social performance.

Our response to the pandemic

2020 was a difficult and challenging year for
everyone, but | am proud of Rio Tinto’s response to
the global pandemic, As COVID-19 threatened lives
and livelihoods around the world, the entire
company mobilised to safeguard our employees,
contractors and local communities, and to keep our
operations running safely and smoothly.

At our Pilbara iron ore operations, for example,
within a matter of days, thousands of employees
adapted to new rosters and changed fly-in, fly-out
travel schedules. We secured additional charter
flights and redesigned procedures at our camps to
maintain social distancing and we instituted rapid
health screening at airports across Western
‘Australia. Around the world, we also took measures
to reduce the risk of transmission from our
employees to the remote and vuinerable
communities near our operations. The success of
Rio Tinto in 2020 was due, in no small part, to this
remarkable effort by our entire workforce.

Safety

Despite all these changes, and the uncertainty
created by the pandemic, we achieved a second
consecutive year with zero fatalities. This
remarkable achievement is a testament to the hard
work and dedication of thousands of employees
and contractors, every day, on every shift. But we
need to do even better in our overall safety
performance and will not be satisfied until we have
eliminated all work-related injuries.

Annual Report 2020 | riotinto.com 7

oda aiGarens

Strategic Report

Chairman’s Statement
continued

Total dividends declared to
shareholders

$9bn

$1bn

Our direct economic
contribution in 2020

$47bn

over five years on climate-related projects

Financial performance and economic
contribution

Asa result of the efforts of our 45,000" employees in 35
countries to keep our operations running safely, the Group
performed strongly in 2020. The strength and resilience of
our business enabled us to protect thousands of jobs across
our supply chain, and continue to pay taxes and royalties to
governments and dividends to pension funds, when many
other companies were forced to cut back.

We recorded underlying earnings of $12.4 billion
(2019: $10.4 billion) and free cash flow of $9.4 billion
(2019: $9.2 billion) in 2020. Our balance sheet remains

exceptionally strong, with net debt at year-end of $0.7 billion.

These robust results reflect strong demand in our major
markets, especially China, with iron ore prices, in particular,
supported by supply disruptions across the industry.

As many of our host governments spent record sums to
support their people and economies during the pandemic,
our direct economic contribution, including payments to
employees, suppliers, governments and shareholders,
amounted to $47 billion. In 2020, the Rio Tinto Group paid
more than $8 billion in taxes and royalties globally,
including Australia where we are one of the largest
taxpayers, contributing more than $6.5 billion in taxes
and royalties.

In recognition of this strong financial performance, the
Board is recommending a final dividend of 309 US cents
per share (2019: 231 US cents per share) and a special
dividend of 93 US cents per share, taking total dividends
declared this year to $9 billion.

The destruction of the Juukan Gorge

rock shelters

These achievements were overshadowed by the
destruction of two ancient rock shelters in the Juukan
Gorge, at the Brockman 4 iron ore mine in Western
Australia, in May 2020, which should not have happened.

8 Annual Report 2020 | riotinto.com

I would like to reiterate our unreserved apology to the
Puutu Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura (PKKP) people for the
destruction of the rock shelters.

The loss of the Juukan Gorge rock shelters has also
impacted many others, in Australia and beyond, and
within our company it has left many of our employees,
including our Indigenous Australian colleagues, feeling
deeply shocked and ashamed

Following publication of the Board Review of the events
leading up to the destruction of the rock shelters, and
consultations with shareholders in Australia, Europe and
North America, our Chief Executive, the Chief Executive of
Iron Ore and the Group Executive, Corporate Relations,
have left the company by mutual agreement.

The Board and senior leadership team have taken decisive
action to implement the recommendations set out in the
Board Review and the Interim Report of the Parliamentary
Inquiry. These include measures to ensure that the
destruction of a site of such exceptional cultural
significance never happens again; to re-confirm that we
have recently consulted with Traditional Owners for
potential impacts; and to begin the modernisation process
of our agreements with the Traditional Owners in Western
Australia to increase transparency and redress the
imbalance of power that existed in our older agreements.

We are also reinvigorating our cultural awareness training,
have stepped up our investment in career development
for Indigenous Australians and taken numerous other
measures to ensure that Indigenous Australians have a
stronger voice, not only in our host communities, but also
within Rio Tinto. In parallel with these internal changes,
we have continued to engage with the Government of
Western Australia in relation to reforming the Aboriginal
Heritage Act of 1972.

1, This is the average employee headcount during 2020,
including contractors,

Chairman's Statement

In November 2020, my fellow director Megan Clark
(Chair of our Sustainability Committee) and | visited the
Juukan Gorge with the PKKP people. It was my first
opportunity to apologise in person to the PKKP people for
the destruction of the rock shelters, and to see and feel
their sadness and pain first-hand, Megan and | subsequently
attended a joint meeting of the PKKP and Rio Tinto Boards
in Perth, where we discussed the steps that

we must take to rebuild trust and to strengthen our
partnership, as well as progress with the remedy process.

Separately, Megan and | also met elders from nine of the
ten Traditional Owners of the lands where we operate in
Western Australia. The Traditional Owners expressed their
sadness and anger at the destruction of the Juukan Gorge
rock shelters, but they also expressed their hopes for a
more equal and respectful relationship with Rio Tinto in
the future.

Traditional Owners recognise the social and economic
benefits that mining brings to their communities, but they
demand a relationship with our company that respects
local customs and traditions and recognises their
obligation to preserve their unique culture for future
generations. It is our responsibility to make sure this
happens both now and into the future, and | know that this
determination is shared throughout our organisation.

The appointment of Jakob Stausholm as
Chief Executive

| am delighted to welcome Jakob Stausholm as our new
Chief Executive with effect from 1 January 2021. Since
joining Rio Tinto as an executive director and Chief
Financial Officer in 2018, Jakob has played a key role in
strategy development and performance management,
allocating capital with disciptine and helping to deliver
record shareholder returns. Jakob’s blend of strategic and
commercial expertise, and his collaborative leadership style,
strong values and commitment to sustainable development,
make him the ideal choice for our next Chief Executive.

further advantage is that, as an internal candidate, he will
be able to apply his existing knowledge and understanding
of the Group to some of the key investment and growth
decisions arising in the shorter term.

Other Board changes

During 2020, we also welcomed three new non-executive
directors — Hinda Gharbi, Jennifer Nason and Ngaire Woods
~ and the Board has already benefited from their insights
and expertise in natural resources, finance, technology,
governance, public policy, diversity and inclusion. At the
end of the year, we bid farewell to David Constable, who
steps down to assume the role of Chief Executive Officer at
Fluor Corporation. A search for his replacement is.
underway as we seek to strengthen representation on the
Board from our key countries of operation,

Engagement with stakeholders

Despite the limitations imposed by the pandemic, the
Board engaged extensively with stakeholders throughout
2020, including meetings with shareholders, Traditional
Owners, Indigenous leaders, civil society and
governments, During the year, | held one-on-one
meetings with over 70 key shareholders. Together with
the Board Committee chairs, we also arranged two
governance-focused engagements in the UK and Australia
hosted by the Investor Forum and the Australian Council
of Superannuation Investors. Our annual supplier and
customer survey showed improved perceptions of our
performance, as well as a number of areas requiring

The strength and resilience of our
business enabled us to protect
thousands of jobs across our supply
chain, and continue to pay taxes and
royalties to governments and dividends
to pension funds, when many other
companies were forced to cut back.

further attention. We also held a ‘virtual roundtable’ with
civil society organisations, where the discussions focused
on our response to Juukan Gorge, climate change and
continuing concerns about industry lobbying.

In the aftermath of Juukan Gorge, | held a virtual town hall
with senior managers worldwide and a real town hall with
employees in Perth. Board members also held a series of
meetings with smatler groups of leaders around the world,
and made a ‘virtual site visit’ to Oyu Tolgoi, during which
we were able to speak to our employees and partners

in Mongolia.

In these meetings, our employees spoke openly and
honestly about their pride in the company's response to
COVID-19 and their deep sense of shock at the
destruction of the Juukan Gorge rock shelters. A key topic
for discussion was how we can make the work culture at
Rio Tinto more diverse and inclusive, to ensure that
everyone feels empowered to speak up if something does
not feel right. This will be a strong area of focus for the
Board and leadership team in 2021.

Restoring our reputation as a purpose-led
business

As Jakob takes over as Chief Executive, he takes charge of
a company with outstanding people, world class assets,
an exceptionally strong financial position, a clear climate
change strategy and a robust safety culture. But he also
inherits a company that urgently needs to restore trust
with host communities and in our management of
cultural heritage.

Our purpose is to produce materials essential to human
progress. We are committed to doing so efficiently,
effectively and sustainably, creating value for all
stakeholders while safeguarding the environment and
respecting our host countries and communities.

Thank you

Let me end by thanking the leadership team and the
many thousands of Rio Tinto employees, contractors and
partners who delivered once again for our company and
its shareholders during one of the most difficult and
challenging years in recent memory.

SR. Chenpse
Simon Thompson

Chairman

22 February 2021

Annual Report 2020 | riotinto.com 9

uodan 216a1en5

Strategic Report

Juukan Gorge

A breach of our values

We apologise unreservedly to the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura (PKKP) people,
and to people across Australia and beyond, for the destruction of Juukan Gorge.

In allowing the destruction of Juukan Gorge to occur, we fell far short of
our values as a company and breached the trust placed in us by the
Traditional Owners of the lands on which we operate. It is our collective
responsibility to ensure that the destruction of a site of such exceptional
cuttural significance never happens again, to earn back the trust that has
been lost and to re-establish our leadership in communities and

social performance.

A nearly two-decade-long timeline

Our relationship with the PKKP people extends over more than 17 years,
with initial agreements covering our operations on PKKP land at
Brockman 4 signed in 2006 and 2011. The decision to destroy the rock
shelters was taken nearly eight years ago but, because mining is such a
long-cycle industry, that decision was not actually implemented

until 2020.

Internal and external reviews of the events leading to the blasting of the
rock shelters at Juukan Gorge have highlighted deficiencies in how our
partnership with the PKKP people was managed, a lack of integration of
our heritage management with our front-line operational teams, and a
work culture that was too focused on business performance and not
enough on building and maintaining relationships with

Traditional Owners.

The archaeological and ethnographic reports received in 2013/14 should
have triggered an internal review of the implications of this material new
information for the mine development plans. Such a review did not take
place. Following completion of the archaeological surveys and other
mitigation measures agreed with the PKKP people in 2014, the site was
reclassified as ‘cleared’ for mining and removed from relevant risk
registers. As a consequence, knowledge and awareness of the location
and significance of the site was progressively lost. Further opportunities
to revise the mine plan were missed in 2018, when the final
archaeological report was received, and again during 2019/20.

Remedy process

We are engaging with the PKKP people to determine an appropriate
remedy process for the destruction of the rock shelters. This includes
providing funding to support their submission to the Joint Standing
Committee on Northern Australia (the Parliamentary Inquiry) and their
effective participation in discussions about how we rebuild and
strengthen our partnership and provide a remedy that respects the
wishes of these Traditional Owners.

A moratorium has been agreed on mining in the Juukan Gorge area and
work is underway on a remediation plan. In partnership with the PKKP
people, we are focusing on understanding how, through the remediation
of the Gorge, we can re-establish a sense of place that recognises the
exceptional cultural significance and connection of the Juukan Gorge area
to past, current, and future PKKP people as well as their aspirations for
future use and interaction with the place.

10 Annual Report 2020 | riotinto.com

Remediation of the Gorge will be a challenging project. While the Juukan
2 rock shelter is likely to be irreparably damaged, Juukan 1 appears to be
largely intact. Both shelters will be restored to the fullest extent possible
and, if itis safe, access will be re-established. Other parts of the Gorge,
including the Snake pool, which were not impacted by the blast, will
remain protected and its connection to the Juukan 1 and 2 rock shelters
will be re-established.

Artefacts and other materials salvaged from the rock shelters during
archaeological excavations have already been moved to a purpose-built
conservation facility. Discussions are in progress with the PKKP people
on the provision of an appropriate, permanent ‘keeping place’.

For a more detailed summary of our response to the recommendations
issued by the Parliamentary Inquiry, please visit riotinto.com. Please refer
to pages 114-115 to learn more about the Board review of the events
that led to Juukan Gorge.

Ensuring this never happens again

We have taken decisive action to strengthen our processes and approach
to cultural heritage.

Governance

— Integrated Heritage Management Process (IHMP): The most urgent
task was to ensure that we do not have other sites of exceptional
cultural significance within our existing mine plans. We are currently
completing the first phase of a new IHMP, which is being rolled out at
our Pilbara iron ore business. The lessons from the IHMP will
subsequently be implemented across our business globally while
taking into account local circumstances. In the Pilbara, the IHMP
involves a systematic review of all the heritage sites that we manage
starting with those that may be impacted by our activities over the
next two years. So far, we have reviewed over 1,000 sites and ranked
each one by: (i) cultural significance (which is informed through
consultation with the Traditional Owners of the land on which we
operate); (ii) our re-confirmation that we have recently consulted with
Traditional Owners for potential impacts; and (iii) the materiality of
the impact. Where there is any doubt, we have reclassified the
relevant sites from ‘cleared’ for mining back to ‘protected’ as a
precautionary measure, pending further consultation with the
Traditional Owners.

— Empowering operational management: We have increased the
responsibility of our product groups for Communities and Social
Performance (CSP), partnerships and engagement. This means that
line managers within the product groups directly own the
relationships with host communities, including Indigenous peoples.
All. community and heritage management professionals at our
operations now report to product group line management,

= Improved governance and Board oversight: Any direct impacts to
sites categorised as being of ‘high’ or ‘very high’ significance under
the new Integrated Heritage Management Process must also be
approved by the heritage sub-committee of the Executive Committee