RioTinto

Rio Tinto plc (registration number: 00719885)

Annual Report 2022

THURSDAY

02/03/2023 #230
. COMPANIES HOUSE

TL

Nomenclature and financial data

Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Limited operate together and are referred to in this report as Rio Tinto, the Rio Tinto Group
or the Group. These expressions are used for convenience, since both companies, and other companies in which they
directly or indirectly own investments, are separate and distinct legal entities. Likewise, the words “we’, “us”, “our” and
“ourselves” are used in some places to refer to the companies of the Rio Tinto Group in general. These expressions are
also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying any particular company or companies. We usually omit
“Limited”, “plc”, “Pty’, “Inc.", “Limitada’, “L.L.C.”, “A.S." or “SA" from Group company names, except to distinguish
between Rio Tinto ple and Rio Tinto Limited. Financial data in US dollars ($) is derived from, and should be read in
conjunction with, the 2022 financial statements. In general, where we have provided financial data in other currencies, it
has been translated from the consolidated financial statements, and is provided solely for convenience; exceptions
arise where data has been extracted directly from source records.

Contents

Strategic report

Financial statements

281
283
307
308

335
338
346
347

2022 year in review and our purpose 1 About Rio Tinto
Ataglance 2 About the presentation of our financial statements
150 years of Rio Tinto 4 Group income statement
Chair's statement 6 Group statement of comprehensive income
Chief Executive's Q&A 8 Group cash flow statement
Living our purpose 10 Group balance sheet
Strategic context 12 Groupstatement of changes in equity
Our strategy and four objectives 13 Notes to the 2022 financial statements
Our people and culture 6 Rio Tinto plc company balance sheet
Our business mode! 17 Rio Tinto plc company statement of changes in equity
Our stakeholders 18 Australian Corporations Act - Summary of ASIC Relief
Key performance indicators 20 Directors’ declaration
Chief Financial Officer's statement 25 Independent auditors’ reports
Financial review 26 Auditors’ independence declaration
Portfolio management 32 Rio Tinto financial information by business unit
. . Alternative Performance Measures
Business reviews Financial summary 2013-2022
Innovation through collaboration 34
iron Ore 36
Asumictum 38 ~~ Production, Ore Reserves,
eel ‘, Mineral Resources and Operations
Commercial a4 Metals and Minerals Production
(Our approach to sustainability 46 Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
Competent Persons
Risk report Mines and production facilities
Risk management 76
Principal risks and uncertainties 73 Additional information
Five-year review 87 _ Independent limited assurance report
‘Shareholder information
Directors’ report Contact details
Governance Cautionary statement about forward-looking statements
Chair's introduction 89
Board of Directors 90 .
Executive Committee 92 Our operations are located on land and
Board insights 94 Waters that have belonged to Indigenous
‘Our stakeholders ~ our Section 172(1) statement 95 peoples for thousands of years. We respect
Matters discussed in 2022 8° their ongoing deep connection to Country
Governance framework 100 . +
Evalusting our performance jo and recognise their vast knowledge of
Nominations Committee report 102 _ the land, water and environment. We pay
Audit & Risk Committee report 104 respects to Elders, both past and present,
Sustainability Committee report 18 and acknowledge the important role
Remuneration report Indigenous peoples play within our
Annual statement by the People & Remuneration Committee Chair 110 business and our communities.
Remuneration at a glance 14
Implementation report 118
Additional statutory disclosure 136 For more Yormation
Compliance with governance
codes and standards 142

Cover | Oyu Tolgoi copper-gold mine, Mongolia.

2022 year
in review

All-injury
frequency rate Fatalities
0.40 Zero
(2021: 0.40) (2021: zero)
Scope 1and2

greenhouse Women in our
gas emissions workforce
30.3Mt 22.9%
(equity CO,e) (2021: 21.6%)
(2021; 31.0Mt)

Independent cultural

heritage audits

completed!

(2021: 20)

(OQ For more information
about sustainability, see page 46.

Strategic report

Net cash generated
Consolidated from operating
sales revenues activities
$55.6bn $16.1bn
(2021: $63.5bn) (2021: $25.3bn)
Profit after tax
attributable to Underlying
owners of Rio Tinto EBITDA?

$12.4bn

(net earnings)
(2021: $21.1bn)

$26.3bn

(2021: $37.7bn)

Total dividend
per share

492 cents

(2021: 1,040 cents)

Cg Formore information
about our financial review, see page 26.

1. The independent cuttural heritage audits undertaken by Environment Resources Management (ERM) were a Board action in
response to the 2020 Board review of cultural heritage management. All37 audits were finalised in 2022,

2. Areconeiliation of underlying EBITDA to its closest IFRS measure is presented on page 163.

Our purpose

Finding better ways™ to provide the
materials the world needs

For 150 years, we have been
looking for new and better
ways of doing things.

Our drive for innovation and continuous
improvement is at the core of our purpose.

Today, you will find our teams around the
world seeking opportunities to reduce our
carbon footprint, partnering to develop new
technologies to decarbonise steel and
aluminium production, and creating new
products from waste. Our ambition is to be a
business with a commodity mix that is aligned
with evolving customer demand ina
decarbonising world.

But we cannot do it on our own. So we strive
to create partnerships that solve problems
and create win-win solutions with lower
societal and environmental impact. The
approach applies as much to large-scale,
transformational innovation as to incremental
everyday progress, such as our safety and
operational performance.

And we are finding better ways to

partner with Indigenous peoples and host
communities, From continuing to rebuild
our relationships to putting in place our
new co-management agreements and
improved ways of working, we are focusing
on open and transparent engagement.

Our aspiration is to be the partner of choice
for commurities, governments, customers,
suppliers and joint venture partners.

We want to be a home to curious people
who care about their work and colleagues,
are courageous about the challenges they
face and find better ways to do things.

Annual Report 2022 | riotintocom

Ataglance

Our business

We operate in 35' countries where our 54,000 employees are working to find better ways to
provide the materials the world needs. Our portfolio includes iron ore, copper, aluminium, lithium
and other materials needed for people, communities and nations to grow and prosper, and for the
world to cut carbon emissions to net zero.

We have been mining for 150 years, and we continue to build on a history and knowledge that span
generations and continents. Today, our business relies on technology such as automation and
artificial intelligence to help us run safer, more efficient operations and leave a lighter footprint.

Iron Ore Aluminium *
Segmental Underlying Production Segmental Underlying Production
revenue EBITDA (100% basis) revenue EBITDA (our share)
$30.9bn $18.6bn 3241Mt |$14.1bn $3.7bn 54.6Mt
(2021: $39.6bn) (2021: $27.6bn) iron ore (2021: $12.7bn) (2021: $4.4bn) bauxite

(2021: 319.7M) (2021: 54.3M1)
cme — 3,009kt

aluminium

15,000 15,000 (2021: 3151)
(2021: 13,000) (2021: 14,000)

Our products

Our portfolio includes iron ore, aluminium,
bauxite, alumina, copper, diamonds, titanium
dioxide, lithium, salt and borates.

For more information

see pages 36-43.

Operations and projects?

Iron Ore
Aluminium

Copper
Minerals

© Operations
* Projects

1. Includes our mines and production taciities, main exploration activities and countries where we have a significant presence through
activities including research and development, commercial, sales, and corporate functions.

2. This map does not include our offices, processing and shipping facilties, or esearch and development centres. Operations and
projects are indicated according to their product group. For example, Simandou is an iron ore project but is reported under Copper.
The ron Ore Company of Canada is an iron ore operation but is reported under Minerals due to the management structure.

The dots on the map are indicative and in some locations we have more assets than visually represented due tothe size of the map.

2 Annual Report 2022 | riotinto.com

Outlook

We have a strong portfolio of assets across six continents. Our focus is on growing our business
while decarbonising, providing products to our customers that support the transition to a low-carbon

economy and delivering attractive returns to our shareholders.

Many of our products are essential for the energy transition: we expect this new source of demand,

combined with traditional sources, to drive significant volume growth in our products over the

coming decades. In developed markets, customer demand for low-carbon and recycled materials is
growing with supply security top of mind. In developing economies, reliable access to raw materials

for domestic processing is critical. We have the people, orebodies, technology, processing
capabilities, access to capital and relationships to meet these diversifying needs.

Strategic report

Copper Minerals
Segmental Underlying Production Segmental Underlying Production
revenue EBITDA (our share) revenue EBITDA (our share)
$6.7bn $24bn 521kt $6.8bn $2.4bn = 1,200kt
(2021: $7.8bn) (2021: $4.0bn) mined copper (2021: $6.5bn) (2021: $2.6bn) titanium dioxide
(2021: 494kt) slag
(2021: 1,014K1)
Employees Employees 10. 3Mt
8, 000 9,000 iron ore pellets
(2021: 7,000) (2021: 9,000) and concentrate
(2021: 9.7m)

Annual Report 2022 | riotinto.com

For 150 years, we have been striving to find better ways — in how we face
challenges, find solutions, celebrate our successes, and learn from our failures.
Our strength and scale reflect the courage shown by past generations, and the
curiosity of our current employees, who continue to shape important partnerships
with companies, communities, and countries — constantly evolving our business
and our products to support the world around us.

We have marked a wide range of milestones through our 150 years of operation;
these are a few of the moments that shaped the Rio Tinto of today.

150 years of Rio Tinto

1955-1963

The red cliffs of Australia

In 1955, a geologist discovered bauxite
in Queensland and commercial bauxite
mining began at Weipa in 1963, where we
still mine today.

1873
Rio Tinto commences

copper mining in Spain

The Rio Tinto Company was registered in
London after a British-European investor
{group bought the Rio Tinto mines in Spain,
first mined in Phoenician and Roman times.
We introduced new processing facilities and
techniques that transformed the operation,
and by the turn of the century, we were
producing 10% of the world’s copper.

1929-1953

Exploring new lands

‘We looked beyond Spain's borders for growth
‘opportunities, setting up a series of joint ventures
to explore and develop mines, starting in 1929
with the great copper belt of what is now known
as Zambia. Come 1952, our exploration team
expanded into South Africa and Canada, and the
following year Australia, resulting in new uranium,
mines in Canada and Australia.

2000-2022

2007 a :
. Shaping our portfolio
Becoming a global leader At the turn of the new century, we embarked on an acquisition and
in aluminium divestment programme, which simplified the business, focused the Group

on large, low-cost mines and culminated in our divestment of our coal
assets in 2018. We became the first major miner to cease coal production.
‘We acquired North Ltd in 2000, significantly expanding our iron ore assets,
including mines, rail and port capacity. And in 2006, we partnered with
Ivanhoe Mines to construct and operate Oyu Tolgoi in Mongolia. In 2022,
we acquired full ownership of Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd, increasing our
direct ownership in Oyu Tolgoi to 66%.

We acquired Alcan, becoming a global
leader in aluminium, and further diversitying
our portfolio. Through this deal, we also
obtained access to water rights and
renewable power through a vast network
of hydropower facilities in Canada, a
major competitive advantage to our
smelting business. While Alcan was
clearly a leader in green aluminium, the
acquisition resulted in an unsustainable
level of debt when the global financial
crisis happened and left the company
ina vulnerable financial situation.

2008-2019

Technology redefines the business

In an attempt to transform the efficiency and safety of the way we mine,

we partnered with Komatsu to be among the first in the world to trial the world’s
first driverless haul trucks. This initiative set us on a pathto become a global
leader in fully integrated, automated mining. In 2019, together with our partner
we launched the world’s first fully autonomous, long-distance,
heavy-haul rail network ~ AutoHaul™,

4 Annual Report 2022 | riotinto.com

Strategic report

1961-1973

The founding of our iron ore
business in the Pilbara

In 1961, geologists set out across Western
Australia to assess the iron ore prospects.

By 1965, the signing of a long-term contract to
supply the Japanese ste! mills enabled us to
develop our first iron ore mine in the Pilbara,
and in 1966 we shipped our first iron ore to
Japan. By 1973, we had started shipping to
South Korea and China. Our partnerships with
these countries endure today.

1989

Securing copper and
mineral assets

1998 We were ready to focus solely on mining,
0 sold all oil and gas assets and set our sights

Tragedy sharpens on BP Minerals. We acquired Kennecott's

safety focus Bingham Canyon copper and gold mine in Utah,

US. The purchase also secured the RTIT Quebec
Operations* in Quebec, Canada and interests in
IT Madagascar Minerals and Richards Bay
Minerals in South Africa.

Ahorrific disaster at our talc mine in
Lassing, Austria, claimed the lives of ten
members of our rescue team following a
series of collapses. The profound impact

of the Lassing disaster was a catalyst for
‘major change in the way we manage safety.
We had our first fatality-free year in 2019,
with no fatalities since.

1995

Becoming Rio Tinto

Inone of the most significant events in our
history, the RTZ Corporation PLC merged with
ConZinc RioTinto of Australia (CRA) to form

RTZ-CRA. In 1997, we changed our name to
Rio Tinto pic/Ltd (dual listed), becoming one
‘of the largest mining companies in the world.

2002

China supporting
the iron ore boom

The rapid industrialisation of the
Chinese economy and the emergence
of China as a global economic power
was a major catalyst for our iron ore
business in the early 2000s. In 2002,
we set up a joint venture with Baosteel
Group to supply 10 million tonnes of iron
ore per year over 20 years, supporting
the expansion of our business in the
Pilbara and marking our continuing and
vital partnership with China.

2021-2022

Creating a safe, respectful
and inclusive workplace

In 2021, we commissioned an independent
review of our workplace culture to better
understand, prevent and respond to harmful
behaviours across our operations. The review
found disturbing cases of discrimination and
sexual harassment in the business. We are now
working to implement the 26 recommendations
of the report, and to evolve our culture to create
a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace.

2018-2019

Astep closer to carbon-free
aluminium smelting

In 2018, we formed ELYSIS, in partnership
with Alcoa and supported by Apple and the
Governments of Canada and Quebec,
which later delivered a disruptive
technology that eliminates all direct
greenhouse gas emissions from the
aluminium smelting process.

2020

Juukan Gorge rock shelters

(Our destruction of the Juukan Gorge rock
shelters in Western Australia fell far short of
our values and breached the trust placed
in.us by the Traditional Owners of the lands,
‘on which we operate. Itis our collective
responsibilty to eam back the trust that has
been lost, improve our internal practices
and culture to minimise our impacts, and
‘manage cultural heritage responsibly.

1. Previously known as QIT Fer et Ttane. Annual Report 2022 | riotintocom 5

Chair's statement

As we enter 2023, the global operating
environment has certainly become more volatile
and complex and yet there is a sense that

Rio Tinto has reached an inflection point,

with strong momentum in the business.

2022 saw Rio Tinto deliver another
set of strong financial results, while
keeping our operations fatality-free.
In recognition of this, the Board is
recommending a final dividend of
225 US cents (2021: 417 US cents),
taking total dividends declared to
shareholders this year to $8 billion.

More broadly, Jakob Stausholm and his
Executive team have led the Group out of a
challenging period, with the foundations now
being laid for us to become the global mining
company of choice. :

Alot remains to be done. We must continue to
focus on the pursuit of our four key objectives:
becoming the best operator, having impeccable
environmental, social and governance (ESG)
credentials, excelling in development and
strengthening the Group's social licence.

In particular, we must continue to strive for
greater consistency in our operating
performance. This year, we have secured a
healthy pipeline of future growth projects —
Oyu Tolgoi (with the successful buyout of
Turquoise Hill minority shareholders), Rhodes
Ridge and Rincon, and the Western Range
replacement project. These now need to be
successfully developed, while we continue our
efforts to realise other critical growth projects,
such as Simandou, Resolution and Jadar.

Finally, we must focus on embedding the
important culture and leadership changes that
are such critical enablers for achieving our
strategic objectives and to creating the future
organisation that we all wish to see.

6 Annual Report 2022 | riotintocom

Seizing opportunities

Since joining as Chair, | have visited sites
around the world and all of our hub offices,
interacting with employees across all levels of
the organisation. | have been amazed by the
calibre of talent - from our engineers to our
economists, from our ecologists to our
explorers. There has been one common trait
among everyone | have met — a focus on
finding better ways of working and a
determination to innovate.

The shift to electric vehicles and renewable
power will require more copper, aluminium,
lithium and high-quality iron ore to decarbonise
society, but developing new mines is becoming
more challenging. To excel in this future
development, we must seek to partner with a
strengthened social licence and to operate
with impeccable ESG credentials. Strategically,
we must think long term if we are to harness

the right opportunities, while also keeping
shorter-term opportunities and risks sharply
inview.

Alongside supplying the materials for the world's
energy transition, we are aiming to reduce our
‘own emissions by 50% by 2030 and to reach
net zero by 2050. This a challenging set of
targets but ones that we are determined to
achieve. We are delivering this through a range
of initiatives and partnerships that are helping
us decarbonise our existing operations and
secure green energy, as we support the
development of low-carbon solutions to help
our customers meet their own goals.

With access to more than four million hectares
of land globally, we are looking to implement
natural climate solutions on a significant scale.
We also have the opportunity to be a leader in
environment by finding better ways to manage
water, care for species and rehabilitate land.
These are areas where our drive to improve
can bring significant social and local benefits.

Building a thriving culture

I believe everything we aspire to achieve should
be underpinned by our people feeling emotionally
safe, empowered, included and respected.

One of my priorities as Chair is to ensure that

we create a work environment where everyone
can be at their best.

Icommend Jakob and the Executive Committee
for the care and courage shown in commissioning
and openly sharing the external review of the
company’s workplace culture at the beginning of
2022. Since then, a great deal has been done to
make positive change. The Board and I fully support
the implementation of the 26 recommendations
made in the Everyday Respect Report, which we
are monitoring closely. We are working closely
with Elizabeth Broderick, the former Australian
Sex Discrimination Commissioner who conducted
the report, on how we, asa Board, can help ensure
progress and lead by example in embedding the
culture changes that we all wish to see. We have
also reinforced the Board and the Executive
Committee's commitment in this area, by
expanding our new Remuneration & People
‘Committee's scope to include an ongoing focus
on people and culture.

Incentivising the things that matter

One of the key learnings from the past few years
is that how we achieve our strategy is just as
important as what we achieve. As our strategy
has evolved, so has the need for an appropriate
incentive framework to better support it. In 2022,
we undertook a review of our incentives and, from
2023, our Group short-term incentive plan (STIP),
which applies to around 24,000 employees,
will have a greater focus on how outcomes are
achieved. By driving delivery of our four objectives
ina manner consistent with our values and
behaviours and which advance our culture change
agenda, we are confident that we will see great
progress towards our strategic ambitions,
faz] For more information
about changes to STIP, see the Remuneration
report on pages 112-113,

"aS | look to the future, | am
confident that we have all of
the right ingredients in place

— great people, world-class
assets, emerging technologies
and new partnerships.”

Engaging with stakeholders and
the workforce

The Board is passionate about further
strengthening our relationships with our
shareholders, customers, local communities
and other partners to incorporate a broad
range of views in our decision making. As travel
restrictions began to ease in 2022, we stepped
up meeting people in person, including regular
dialogue with the Indigenous peoples of the
land on which we operate, local communities,
governments and, of course, our customers,
suppliers and shareholders.

We also hosted three civil society roundtables,
in Australia, Europe and North America. Engaging
with civil society organisations is an important
way for us to challenge ourselves to keep
improving. One of the key topics of interest

at this year’s roundtables was the role that

Rio Tinto can play in protecting biodiversity,

as well as in the world's transition toa
low-carbon future.

lam encouraged by the progress our
‘Communities and Social Performance teams
have made this year, with new co-management
agreements in place and improved ways of
working to deliver better outcomes for
Indigenous peoples. A highlight of 2022 was the
creation of the Juukan Gorge Legacy Foundation
as part of a remedy agreement reached with the
Puutu Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura Aboriginal
Corporation relating to the destruction of the
rock shelters at Juukan Gorge in 2020. Earlier in
the year, Iwas grateful to meet with the Puutu
Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura people for the first
time and at a second meeting later in the year

I heard how they fee! our engagement and
remediation have been progressing. As the
leadership team continues to embed the values
and new purpose across the business, lam
convinced we will see even greater progress.

The Board also met with employees, through
site visits, town halls and listening sessions.
Feedback suggests that, although we need to
Continue to improve, people are optimistic

about the changes taking place, with good
support for the new purpose and the Everyday
Respect initiative. We are successful in
attracting talented people, including more
women, into Rio Tinto, but must now focus
onretention.
[ae] For more information
about the Board's engagement with our
stakeholders, see pages 95-98.

Board changes

We have had some changes to the Board over
the past year. Simon Thompson stepped down
as Chairman in May 2022, and Hinda Gharbi
retired from the Board at the conclusion of our
annual general meeting in April. Our thanks go
to Simon and Hinda for their outstanding
service and contribution.

In 2022, we evaluated the mix of skills and
experience on the Board, and concluded

that we need to refresh our composition,

with a particular focus on deepening our
mining, operations and projects experience,

as well as our renewable energy and
sustainability capabilities. In December 2022,
we announced the appointment of Kaisa
Hietala as a Non-Executive Director with

effect from 1 March 2023. Kaisa brings a deep
understanding of renewables and sustainability
from her experience in the resources industry,
as well as broad commercial capabilities, and
these are all qualities that will be invaluable as
we work to ensure Rio Tinto thrives in a
decarbonising world.

Separately, we have taken a fresh look at our
governance arrangements to ensure that the
Board and our committees are focusing our
time on supporting the delivery of the Group's
strategic objectives. This includes putting a
greater emphasis on people and culture, on
risk management and resilience capabilities,
and on strengthening our social licence
through stakeholder engagement.
faa) For more information
‘see my introduction to the Corporate
Governance report on page 89.

Strategic report

Looking ahead

As we enter 2023, we will need to maintain a
keen eye on near-term opportunities and risks,
while always creating sufficient time and space
to capture key strategic opportunities as they
‘emerge for the longer term.

Without doubt, there is considerable work
ahead - to create a safe and empowering
culture, to improve the consistency of our
operational performance, to anticipate and
respond to a shifting competitive landscape
and to continue to strengthen our partnerships.

But as | look to the future, | am confident that
we have all of the right ingredients in place -
great people, world-class assets, emerging
technologies and new partnerships.

As we reach our 150" anniversary this year,
we have an opportunity to place the energy
transition at the heart of our new strategy as
we seek to diversify and extend our portfolio.
This opportunity is now embodied in our new
purpose: Finding better ways to provide the
materials the world needs. And it is this new
purpose that will drive the right decisions for
‘our business, our shareholders, our other
stakeholders and the environment.

Let me end by thanking the leadership

team and the many thousands of Rio Tinto
‘employees, contractors and partners who
delivered for the company and its shareholders
during the year.

Yow one
Dominic Barton

Chair
22 February 2023

Annual Report 2022 | riotintocom = 7

Chief Executive's Q&A

Q&A with Jakob Stausholm

2022 highlights

Zero
fatalities

(2021: zero)

$16.1bn

net cash generated from
operating activities

(2021: $25.3bn)

$12.4bn

profit after tax attributable to
owners of Rio Tinto

(2021: $21.1bn)

$8bn

total dividend declared
(2021: $16.8bn)

8 Annual Report 2022 | rictinto.com

How did we perform in 2022?

This year has been all about progressing our
strategy and delivering against our four
objectives to build a stronger Rio Tinto for the
long term. The strong foundations of our business
- world-class assets, great people and strength
of balance sheet ~ allowed us to achieve solid
financial performance despite the challenging
environment we faced. We definitely made
progress in 2022, but there is lots more todo.

‘Most importantly, 2022 was our fourth
consecutive fatality-free year. But we cont