Rio Tinto
Rio Tinto Company number 719885

O) WW)

MONDAY

*A9SC2GQH*
AI7 18/05/2020 #224

COMPANIES HOUSE

a)

Ourpurpase

As plonsers

Be in mun

/ and metals,
= we produce
x imavarials

= essential
my GO humman

Financial’statements}

Group income statement
Groupstatementoficom

Business reviews

Aunt
(Growthand Innovation)
commercial}

Sustainability,

> Be Om

isk report

USeSSS B 8 See sassss

Directorssreport}
[Boa dof Directors)
[ow the Board.works}

S8Sssesessse

8 gas

‘Additional statutory disclosure)

Ourstretegy is to crcetic superior velun tior
chercholders hy macting our customers nasds,
mmexcnising cach fiom our world-dass assis
endellocsting epizlwtth ciscialina.

ow

2019 fine highte sis

$7.2bn

total dividends declared

$3.7bn

net debt

Feiurn on capital en)

DOkts

Fe

f
U

Seretiegie

Our!

usiness)

ISUSinessitevicws)

Group highlights

$14.9bn

net cash generated from operating activities

widadrpecmusec see : E owns
GRE $12 US caret = ams.

443 US Gants

fetal chuitand ner ene seduction ik ciasoilulte artsstars
OG: SO US cisnfte) (irae HOLE, omeerreayerd oqprerretttorn))
an r

Annual report 2019 | riotinto.com

2019 at a glance

Fe

Iron Ore

Iron ore is the primary component of steel. In the
Pilbara region of Western Australia, we have a
world-class, integrated portfolio of iron ore assets
as well as certain salt assets; we are one of the
leading contributors to the seaborne market. Our
quality product suite, including our flagship Pilbara
Blend"of iron ore, is welt positioned to benefit
from continued demand across China, Japan and
other markets.

$24.1bn $16.1bn

(2018: $18.7bn) (2018: $11.4bn)

Pitbara managed iron ore operations

mines ports rail power
network plants

yoda 6212215

Production’ (100% basis)

326.7mt

iron ore
(2018: 337.8mt)

ANI

Aluminium

Aluminium is one of the world's fastest-growing
major metals. Lightweight and recyciable, its found
in everything from jet engines to electric vehicles to
‘smartphones. Our vertically integrated aluminium
portfolio spans from high-quality bauxite mines to
alumina refineries to smelters which, in Canada, are
powered entirely by clean, renewable eneray and
located in the first decile of the cost curve.

$10.3bn ..:

2018:$12.2bn) _(2018:$3:1bn)

Managed and non-managed operations

w [ally
ees ms eee

Cu

Copper and Diamonds

Copper plays a key role in electrification and power
generation, including in renewable energy and
electric vehicles. Our operations span the globe,
from Mongolia to the US, and occupy various stages
ofthe mining lifecycle. Our two diamond mines in
Australia and Canada make us one of the largest
producers, and our white and coloured diamonds
are some of the world's most sought-after gems.

$5.8bn

(2018: $6.5bn)

$2.1bn

(2018: $2.8bn)

Ti, B, Fe

Energy and Minerals

Our Eneray and Minerals product group comprises
materials essential to a wide variety of industries,
including renewable energy and agriculture. We
produce titanium dioxide, borates, high-grade

iron ore pellets and concentrate and uranium.

Our Ventures division is also exploring growth
opportunities in battery metals.

Gross revenue

$5.2bn

(2018: $5.5bn)

$1.8bn*

(2018: $2.1bn)

L + Le.
mines smelters. refineries hydro
power
plants
Production’ (our share)
55.1mt 3,17 1kt
bauxite aluminium
(2018: 50.4mt) (2018: 3,231kt)
Managed and non-managed operations
mines smelter = power
plants
Production’ (our share)
577kt
mined copper
(2018: 608kt)
Managed operations
mines processing ‘ports projects
facilities
Production’ (our share)
1,206kt 10.5mt
titanium dioxide iron ore pellets and

slag Concentrates
(2018: 1,116kt) (2018: 9.0mt)

*  Toallow production numbers to be compared on a like-for-like basis, we have excluded production from asset divestments
completed in 2018 from our share of prior year production data. The financial data above includes the results of divested

assets up to the date of sale.
# Year on year decrease attributable to divestments.

Annual report 2019 | riotinto.com 5

pia aac aporaicn

“Weaimtoachieveand anos = | —

Our value aver velume sretegy, cope dscplina and strong mrrtets

tar sere f our hay corrals arti us to ava 9 rts eric

prrterrace W207

operational excellence,

capital discipline and

the financial strength

to invest througout

the cyde, while

fetus to Our

gnavenolders.” SIAM 382 US cams

Simonglnompson) deal par Snare

Gutman (ClORER 807 UE cons wr sere)
Sam $480

Our shenchuister ceturas aoticy balances ‘We eapact (ttl cash sotumns to dherehviders

(hiree Pactterse Qo bein the vonge of 49-60% of uniterying
~ Daintaning a strong balance sreek GaPniyS Through tae cycle, Far ewe

= Krastiing for hutune grant shercirellétor reurrs patiey, see mage TS,
~ Deactly remarcing serchalders

[Aonvatepost 2010 cun ono 7

Strategic report

Chairman’s statement

Rio Tinto produces
materials essential
to human progress.
There is hardly any
aspect of modern life
that our products do
not touch, and our
46,000 employees
work hard — every
shift, every day

—to safely fulfil

our purpose.

8 Annual report 2019 | riotinto.com

Mining isa highty competitive, capital- and
energy-intensive, long-cycle industry that has
major impacts, both positive and negative, on
society and the environment. To deliver long-term,
sustainable success, we need to meet or surpass
our customers’ expectations; invest in developing
the skills and capabilities of our people and the
productive capacity of our assets; build mutually
beneficial relationships with our suppliers and
technology partners; protect the environment;
bring lasting social and economic benefits to our
local communities and host governments; and
reward our shareholders.

We aim to achieve and maintain industry-leading
safety and sustainability performance, operationat
excellence, capital discipline and the financial
strength to invest throughout the cycle, while
providing superior returns to our shareholders.

In 2019, lam pleased to report that your company
has made good progress in all of these areas.

Performance
Safety is our top priority. In 2019, all of our safety
performance indicators improved and we had zero
fatalities. This is an outstanding achievement that
reflects years of hard work and commitment by
the leadership team and all of our employees and
suppliers. But we are not complacent, and we know
that we now need to sustain this success.

Overall, the operating performance of the Group
was satisfactory, despite a number of challenges
during the year, and our value over volume
strategy, capital discipline, and strong markets
for some of our key commodities enabled us to
deliver a robust financial performance in 2019.

Underlying earnings increased to $10.4 billion
(2018: $8.8 billion), underlying EBITDA rose to
$21.2 billion (2018: $18.1 billion), representing an
underlying EBITDA margin of 47% (2018: 42%),
and free cash flow amounted to $9.2 billion (2018:
$7.0 billion). As a result, we were able to maintain
‘our strong balance sheet, while maintaining our
track record of superior returns to shareholders.
The Board has recommended a final ordinary
dividend of 231 US cents per share, taking total.
dividends declared to shareholders announced
this year to $7.2 billion.

We continue to invest in high-return projects to
sustain and grow our production capacity, including
in our iron ore operations in Austratia and the
Kennecott copper mine in the US. We also continue
to make progress with the Oyu Totgoi underground
development in Mongolia, one of the most comptex
capital projects in the world today.

In order to develop future growth options, including
the Resolution copper project in the US and the
Winu copper-gold exploration project in Australia,
in 2019, we boosted exploration and evaluation
expenditure from $488 million to $624 million.

Sustainability

In parallel with this report, we have published our
second report an climate change, which has been
uided by the recommendations of the Taskforce
on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD).
The report includes our new 2030 targets to reduce
‘our emissions intensity by 30% and our absolute
emissions by 15% from 2018 levels. To deliver these
targets, we will spend approximately $1 billion over
five years in climate-related projects, and research
and development. We also report on progress in
developing a feasible pathway towards our longer
term ambition of net zero emissions by 2050.

The mining and metals value chain includes
numerous “hard to abate” sectors, such as
aluminium smelting, steel making and shipping,
where there are significant technological and
economic hurdles to the development of viable
decarbonisation pathways. In order to address
these challenges, we have established a number of
technology partnerships that collectively represent
a fundamental pillar of our sustainability strategy.
However, there are limits to what business can
achieve atone. Enabling regulation, such as

carbon pricing, is essential to incentivise the
decarbonisation of these sectors, together with
measures to maintain the competitiveness of
trade-exposed industries. Urgent, coordinated
government action is therefore needed to
encourage such investment within the timeframe
required by the Paris Agreement.

We have also made good progress in other areas
of sustainability. For example, we have continued
to promote industry-leading practices in tax
transparency by publishing our mineral
development contracts and the beneficial
ownership of our managed and non-managed joint
ventures. We believe that such transparency helps
to build trust and will result in better social and
economic outcomes over the long term.

‘Tax payments and economic contribution

In 2019, we paid $4.5 billion in corporate taxes to
governments around the world, helping our host.
governments to provide vital services to their
citizens and to pursue their development goals.
Our direct economic contribution to the
communities in which we operate - including
community investment, development
contributions and payments to landowners — was
$45.1 billion. While the monetary amount is clearly
significant, equally important are the opportunities
we have created for many thousands of people and
local businesses to grow and to prosper.