RioTinto
Rio Tinto plc (registration number: 00719885)
Annual Report
2023

—~\
| l | | INK | | |
AI7 #57

20/03/2024
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

Nomenciature and financial data

Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Limited operate together and are referred to in this report as Rio Tinto, the Rio Tinto Group or the
Group. These expressions are used for convenience, since both companies, and other companies in which they directly or
indirectly own investments, are separate and distinct legal entities. Likewise, the words “we”, “us”, “our” and “ourselves” are used in
some places to refer to the companies of the Rio Tinto Group in general. These expressions are also used where no useful
purpose is served by identifying any particular company or companies. We usually omit “Limited”, “ple”, “Pty’, “Inc.”, “Limitada”,
“LLC”, “AS.” or “SA” from Group company names, except to distinguish between Rio Tinto ple and Rio Tinto Limited. Financial
data in US dollars ($) is derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the 2023 financial statements. In general, where we
have provided financial data in other currencies, it has been translated from the consolidated financial statements, and is
provided solely for convenience. Exceptions arise where data has been extracted directly from source records.

Contents

Strategic report
2023 year in review

Remuneration report
Annual statement by the People & Remuneration

Ata glance ; Committee Chair 13

Chair's statement 4 Remuneration Policy 119

From the Chief Executive —— - - — 6... Implementation report v7

Creating value by living our purpose 8 Additional statutory disclosure 146

Finding better ways™ in 2023 10 Compliance with governance codes and standards 152

‘Our stakeholders 1 . i

Strategic context va: Financial statements

Our strategy 76 About Rio Tinto 158

Progressing our strategy 7 About the presentation of our financial results 158

Progressing our four objectives 18 Group primary statements 168

Key performance indicators 20 _Notes to the 2023 financial statements 173

Chief Financial Officer's statement 23 Other information

Financial review 24 —_Rio Tinto plc company financial statements 259

Portfolio management 30. _Australian Corporations Act 265

Iron Ore 32 Directors’ declaration 266

Aluminium 34 _Independent auditors’ reports 267

Copper 36. _Auditors' independence declaration 285

Minerals 38 Financial information by business unit 286

‘Our approach to ESG 40. _Alternative Performance Measures 289

Environmental performance 44 Financial summary 2014-2023 295

Social performance §6 Production, Reserves,

Governance Performance 76 Resources and Operations

Our approach to risk 78 Metals and minerals production 297

Our approach to risk management 79 —

Principal risks and uncertainties ar Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 299
‘ - Competent Persons 323

Fiveryear review 89 “Mines and production facilities 324
A ,

Directors’ report Additional information

Governance 90 independent limited assurance report 344

Chair's introduction 91 “Shareholder information 347

Board of Directors 92 “Contact details 355

Executive Committee 94 “Cautionary statement about forward-looking statements 356

Our stakeholders - Section 172(1) statement 96

How the Board monitors culture 101

Board activities in 2023 102

Governance framework 103

Evaluating our performance 104

Nominations Committee report 105

Audit & Risk Committee report 107

Sustainability Committee report

m

Our operations are located on land and waters that have belonged to Indigenous
Peoples for thousands of years. We respect their ongoing deep connection to, and
their vast knowledge of, the land, water and environment. We pay respects to Elders,
both past and present, and acknowledge the important role Indigenous Peoples
play within our business and the communities where we live and work.

Cover | The BlueSmelting™ project in Sorel-Tracy, Canada, BlueSmelting™ involves a completely new ilmenite reduction

technology that could generate 95% less gr

nhouse gas emissions than the current reduction process, enabling the

production of titanium dioxide, steel and metal powders with a significantly lower-carbon footprint.

2023 year
in review

We are finding better ways™ to provide
the materials the world needs. In 2023,
‘our teams around the world sought
‘opportunities to reduce our carbon
footprint, to partner to develop
technologies to decarbonise steel and
aluminium production, to find more
efficient ways to supply copper and
critical minerals essential for the energy
transition, and to create new products
from waste. We explore, we mine, we
process, and our ambition continues

to be a business with a commodity mix
aligned with evolving customer demand
in a decarbonising world. But we cannot
do it on our own. So we strive to create
partnerships that solve problems

and create solutions with lower

societal and environmental impact.

The approach applies as much to
large-scale, transformational innovation
as it does to incremental everyday
progress, such as our safety and
operational performance.

All-injury
frequency rate

0.37

(2022: 0.40)

Women in
our workforce

24.3%

(2022: 22.9%)

Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse
gas emissions

32.6Mt

(equity COze)
(2022: 32.7Mt)*

Increase in spend with
Indigenous businesses
in Australia

28%

(2023 A$725 million increased
from A$565 million in 2022)

Completion rate of
“Building Everyday Respect”
employee learning module

83.5%

(2022 comparative dataset is not
available due to new program)

A For more information
about our environmental,
social and governance (ESG)
performance see page 43,

Strategic report

Consolidated
sales revenue

$54.0bn
(2022: $55.6bn)

Profit after tax attributable
to owners of Rio Tinto

$10.1bn

(net earnings)
(2022: $12.4bn)'

Net cash generated from
operating activi

$15.2bn

(2022: $16.1bn)

Underlying
EBITDA®

$23.9bn

(2022: $26.3bn)

Total dividend
per share

435 cents

(2022: 492 cents)

2] For more information
about our financial review
see page 24.

1. Comparative information has been restated to reflect the adoption of narrow scope amendments to IASI2 “income Taxes”. Refer to page 166 for details.

2. In 2023, we improved our carbon emissions reporting and now use the market-based method as our primary measure for assessing performance against our targets. We have restated
prior year numbers and our 2018 baseline accordingly. We exclude reductions achieved by divesting assets and increases associated with acquisitions from our target and so also adjust
‘our 2018 baseline to take this into account. For comparison purposes, we have disclosed our 2022 emissions on the same basis. Our adjusted 2022 figures are 327Mt CO,e and our actual

2022 emissions (unadjusted for acquisitions) are 32.3Mt CO;e.

3. Underlying EBITDA Is @ non-IFRS measure. A definition of underlying EBITDA and a reconciliation to its closest IFRS measure is presented in note 1 (pages 174-175),

Our 2023 reporting suite

Our Annual Report is part of our broader 2023 reporting suite. You can find this report and others, including our 2023 Climate Change
Report, Sustainability Fact Book, 2023 Addendum - Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Calculation Methodology and Industry Association Disclosure,
‘on our website. Some of our reports are published on our website later in the year, including our 2023 Taxes Paid Report, Country-by-Country

Report, Modern Slavery Statement, and our Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights report.

@® _To view and download these documents
see riotinto.com/reports,

2023 Climate
Change Report

2023 Annual Report

2023 Sustainability

Fact Book

(2023 Addendum -
‘Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions
Calculation Methodology

2023 Industry
Association Disclosure

Annual Report 2023 | riotintocom 1

At a glance

Our business

We operate in 35' countries where our 57,000 employees’ are working to find better ways to provide the
materials the world needs. Our portfolio includes iron ore, copper, aluminium and a range of other minerals
and materials needed for people, communities and nations to grow and prosper, and for the world to cut
carbon emissions to net zero. We continuously search for new projects that can support the energy transition,
currently exploring for eight commodities in 18 countries.

We have more than 150 years of mining and processing experience guiding our work. Today, our business
relies on technology such as automation and artificial intelligence to help us run safer, more efficient
operations and leave a lighter footprint.

Iron Ore Aluminium
Segmental Underlying Production Segmental Underlying Production
revenue EBITDA (100% basis) revenue EBITDA (our share)
$32.2bn $20.0bn 331.5Mt | $12.3bn $2.3bn 54.6Mt
(2022: $30.9bn) (2022: $18.6bn) Pilbara iron ore (2022: $14.1bn) (2022: $3.7bn) bauxite

(2022: 3241Mt) (2022: 54.6Mt)

3,272kt

Employees? Employees? aluminium
16,000 15,000 (2022: 3.009kt)
(2022: 15,000) (2022: 15,000)

Our products

Our portfolio includes iron ore, aluminium,
bauxite, alumina, copper, diamonds,
titanium dioxide, lithium, salt and borates.

A) For more information
see pages 32-39.

Operations and projects®

Iron Ore
Aluminium
Copper
Minerals

@ Mines
Projects

smelters. refineries, processing plants and
ower and shipping facilities remote from mine

© D0 Won-managed operations

1. Includes our mines and production facilities, main exploration activities and countries where we have a significant presence
through activities including research and development. commercial, sales, and corporate functions.

2, This represents the average number of employees for the year, including the Group's share of non-managed operations and
joint ventures. Refer to page 215 for more information.

3, The map indicates the location of our global operations and projects. however it does not identify all individual facilities
included in an operation. it does not include our offices, research and development centres and some processing and
shipping facilities. Operations and projects are indicated according to their product group. The Iron Ore Company of Canada
is an iron ore operation but is reported under Minerals due to the management structure. The dots on the map are indicative
and in some locations we have more assets than visually represented due to the size of the map.

4, 2022 underlying EBITOA for Copper has been adjusted to reflect @ change in management responsibility for the Simandou
iron ore project from Copper to the Chief Technical Officer. As a result, we have moved Simandou outside of reportable
Segments and accordingly adjusted prior period comparatives.

2 Annual Report 2023 | riotinto.com

Strategic report

Outlook

We have a strong portfolio of assets across six continents. Our focus is on growing our business while
decarbonising, providing products to our customers that support the transition to a low-carbon economy,
and delivering attractive returns to our shareholders.

Many of our products are essential for the energy transition: we expect this new source of demand, combined
with traditional sources, to drive significant volume growth in our products over the coming decades. In developed
markets, customer demand for low-carbon and recycled materials is growing with supply security top of mind.

In developing economies, reliable access to raw materials for domestic processing is critical. We have the people,
orebodies, technology, processing capabilities, access to capital and relationships to meet these diversifying needs.

Copper Minerals
Segmental Underlying Production Segmental Underlying Production
revenue EBITDA (consolidated revenue EBITDA (our share)

basis)
$6.7bn  $1.9bn 620kt $5.9bn $14bn 1,111kt

(2022: $6.7bn) (2022: $2.60n)* titanium dioxide
mined copper slag
(2022: 607kt) (2022: 1200kt)

Employees” Employees” 9.7M t
8,000 10,000 iron ore pellets

and concentrate
(2022: 8,000) (2022: 9,500) (2022: 10.3Mt)

Annual Report 2023 | riotintocom 3

Chair’s statement

Very sadly, | must begin by acknowledging the tragic deaths of our four
Diavik colleagues and two airline crew members in a plane crash near
Fort Smith, in the Northwest Territories, Canada, on 23 January 2024.
They will all be dearly missed, and our thoughts are very much with their
loved ones, everyone in Fort Smith, and our team at Diavik.

Our focus in 2023, and as we move into
2024, has been on embedding an
empowering culture and on delivering
consistent operational performance to
progress our four key strategic objectives.

We recognise that creating and maintaining a
culture where everyone can be at their best
requires constant effort but, two years since
we started learning from the findings of the
Everyday Respect Report, there is positive
momentum. Our executive team is driving this
change, with the full support of the Board,
reinforcing the importance of mindsets

and behaviours that ensure everyone,
‘everywhere in our operations feels safe,
valued and empowered.

The Group has also made progress on our
four key objectives of becoming best
‘operator, excelling in development, having
impeccable environmental, social and
governance (ESG) credentials and
‘strengthening Rio Tinto's social licence.
There have been real improvements in our
Pilbara iron ore operations; we are ramping
up underground copper production at

Oyu Tolgoi; we are significantly closer to
unlocking the Simandou project; and we have
made strategic and exciting investments in
‘our aluminium business, such as the Matalco
recycling joint venture.

Our strong results in 2023 demonstrate our
continued progress towards our four
objectives, with a continued focus on
financial discipline. This discipline has
enabled us to invest in the future health of
‘our business while at the same time
delivering attractive returns to investors, with
the Board recommending a final dividend of
258 US cents, taking total dividends declared
to $7.1 billion,

4 Annual Report 2023 | riotinto.com

Growing and deepening connections
We are committed to deepening connections
with our stakeholders to earn trust, resolve
conflicts, and strengthen our social licence.
This is constant work in progress, but there
were many bright spots in the way our
relationships with governments, communities
and Indigenous Peoples evolved in 2023.

Our partnership with the Mongolian
Government highlights the mutual benefits
when we get this right. We are now
deepening our connection to Mongolia, most
recently forming a partnership with UNESCO
to support its sustainable development. In
Canada, we are growing our aluminium
business, including expanding the use of
AP6O low-carbon smelting technology, with
the continued support of the national and
local governments.

More broadly, we are embedding and
replicating the learnings from a shift to co-
management and co-development at our
operations, such as working closely with the
Nyiyaparli and Ngarlawangga people as we
progress the Rhodes Ridge project in the
Pilbara. As we get closer to unlocking
Simandou in Guinea, we are doing so in close
partnership with communities, in a way that
will support further economic development
beyond the mine.

This commitment to ESG and a stronger
social licence does not end with the life of a
mine. At Le Thoronet in south-east France, a
rehabilitated former bauxite mine we have
handed back to the French authorities, | saw
evidence of how we are thinking about the
full lifecycle of our assets, beyond our time as
their custodians.

An important part of our engagement is with
non-governmental organisations (NGOs).
Taking part in our civil society roundtables in
the US, UK and Australia provided opportunities
tolisten to the concerns of leading civil society
voices, what we can learn to do better, and
understand how we can better work with these
groups. They encouraged us to forge ahead on
establishing nature and biodiversity targets and
helped me understand further how we can
better engage with our communities.

Since becoming Chair almost two years ago, |
have been fortunate to spend a lot of time
with our talented people across the
organisation. In our 150™ anniversary year, we
reflected together on how we can
reinvigorate the core parts of our DNA and
be successful in the 150 years to come. With
every person | meet and every site | visit, |
grow in confidence that we are heading in
the right direction. This was clearly illustrated
when the Board saw our four objectives in
action at Oyu Tolgoi. We were deeply
impressed by the productivity, the use of
cutting-edge technology and the connection
to the community, a blueprint for what we
can achieve everywhere.

Meetings with stakeholders have also
reinforced the important societal role we
have to play. As a Board, we spent time in
China with our customers, partners, and
government to better understand how
combining our knowledge and technology
can create win-win opportunities and help
address the climate challenge. Similarly, in
conversations with officials in Washington
D.C, Canberra, Ottawa, London, Brussels,
Ulaanbaatar and more, we have discussed
the critical role of mining for energy security,
in addition to providing the basis for
resurgent manufacturing.

What is very clear to me, is Rio Tinto’s
strategic importance in helping societies
resolve their most urgent challenges. Rio
Tinto can be fundamental to the energy
transition. Our industry has been and will
continue to be relied upon to provide the
vast quantities of metals and minerals
needed to build the infrastructure for the
generation, transmission, and storage of
renewable power. The need to repower our
‘own assets with renewable power can also
support investment in renewables - our
Gladstone aluminium operations being a
recent example of this.

Innovation and growth

Innovation and technology are key to driving
‘our progress, while helping us to simplify and
automate for safer and more efficient
operations. There is real momentum in our
project pipeline and our Chief Scientist's
office is steering us towards more
breakthroughs in sustainable mining and
processing, including BlueSmelting™,
ELYSIS™ and Biolron™.,

We are also working towards our ambitious
targets of a 50% reduction in Scope 1 and 2
emissions by 2030 and achieving net zero
by 2050. This is a physically challenging
task that will require great imagination,
collaboration, and technological advances
that do not yet exist. However, we have
now progressed to a disciplined and
detailed roll-out program, providing greater
definition to what an economical pathway
to decarbonisation looks like. At the

same time, we are exploring more ways

to help our customers accelerate

their own decarbonisation to tackle

‘our Scope 3 emissions.

We are also seeking to further embed these
targets by introducing a decarbonisation
scorecard into our long-term incentive plan
as part of our 2024 Remuneration Policy
proposals. More detail on these proposals is
set out on page 135.

Our partnerships are key to how we are
developing the technologies to grow and
reduce emissions. Highlights include working
with China Baowu to explore projects to
decarbonise the steel value chain, a multi-
year supply agreement between Iron Ore
‘Company of Canada and H2 Green Steel in
Sweden, and teaming up with Sumitomo at
‘our Aluminium Pacific Operations to build a
first-of-a-kind hydrogen plant in Gladstone
to trial lower-carbon alumina refining, with
support from the Australian Government.

Board changes

In the summer of 2022, we evaluated the mix
of skills and experience on the Board and
concluded that we needed to refresh our
composition, with a particular focus on
deepening our mining, operations and
projects experience, as well as our renewable
energy and sustainability capabilities. We also
needed to prepare for future transitions in
our Audit and Risk Committee. | am pleased
that we have made significant progress in
this, with the announcement of six new Non-
Executive Directors.

Dean Dalla Valle, who joined the Board in
June, has vast operational and technical
expertise, and wide experience developing
complex mining projects. Susan Lloyd
Hurwitz, who also joined in June, is a highly
respected leader and brings deep CEO
experience across large projects, cultural
change, diversity and inclusion, and
sustainability. Joc O'Rourke joined the
Board in October and brings 25 years of
mining industry experience and a passion
for improving operational performance.

In December, we announced the
appointments of Martina Merz, who joined
the Board on 1 February 2024, and Sharon
Thorne, who will join the Board in July 2024.
Both are exceptional leaders, Martina with
deep CEO experience in handling cyclical
businesses, research and development

and decarbonisation initiatives, and Sharon
with deep industry knowledge gained over
30 years of auditing and advising
multinational companies.

As part of that phased transition, Simon
McKeon has agreed to step down as a
Director at the conclusion of our annual
general meetings in 2024, and will not
therefore seek re-election by shareholders.
lam extremely grateful to Simon for his
invaluable contribution. Having regard for his
roles as Rio Tinto Limited's Senior
Independent Director and the Designated
Director for workforce engagement, Simon
has taken a particular interest in Rio Tinto's
revitalised approach to engagement with the
broader Australian community as well as the

Strategic report

company’s cultural reset. On behalf of the
Board, | wish him well for the future.

In December, we also said goodbye to a
colleague who will be greatly missed.

Dr Megan Clark stepped down after 9 years
on the Board. Her experience and wise
counsel were invaluable, and we wish her
well for the future.

lam excited to lead a Board with such depth
and breadth of insight, who | know share a
commitment to help Rio Tinto capture
opportunities and achieve its full potential.
For more information on the Board, please
see the Directors’ report on pages 90 to 145.

Looking ahead

There is no doubt we are living through
turbulent times. Politics is becoming
increasingly polarised, the geopolitical
landscape has become more complex
and volatile, and the economic backdrop
remains challenging.

Nevertheless, our purpose, “Finding better ways
to provide the materials the world needs”, drives
everything your company does.

look to the future with optimism - there has
never been greater demand for what we do,

and the capability of our people, and the quality
of our partnerships, assets, technology, and
innovation give me great confidence we can
deliver for all of our stakeholders.

‘Once again, | want to thank the leadership
team and the thousands of employees,
contractors and partners around the world
who are bringing Rio Tinto’s purpose and
values to life.

‘Yom Jeu

Dominic Barton
Chair

21 February 2024

Annual Report 2023 | riotintocom 5

From the Chief Executive

Q&A with Jakob Stausholm

2023 highlights

0.37

Altinjury frequency rate
(2022: 0.40)

$15.2bn

net cash generated from operating activities
(2022: $16.1bn)

$10.1bn

profit after tax attributable to owners of
Rio Tinto

(2022: $12.4bn)

$7.1bn

total dividend declared
(2022: $8bn)

What are your reflections on 2023?

We approached the year with confidence in
our strategy, a deep commitment to safety
and financial discipline, and a continuous
improvement mindset. By continuing to focus
on our four objectives, we have put Rio Tinto
in a stronger position to capture traditional
and emerging opportunities. In 2023, we
returned to investing in profitable growth
with an eye to the future. Of course, we have
a lot more to do. But that is the best part;
there is so much ahead of us.

While we had zero fatalities at our managed
‘operations in 2023, four team members from
our Diavik Diamond Mine in the Northwest
Territories in Canada and two crew members
lost their lives when a charter flight crashed
‘on its way to the mine in January 2024.

6 Annual Report 2023 | riotintocom

We are devastated by this tragic incident
and are working with the authorities to
understand the full facts of what happened.
Nothing is more important than the safety of
our employees, contractors and communities
and we remain committed to evolving our
culture and processes to ensure everyone
goes home safely every day.

We made encouraging progress improving our
operations, including the Pilbara, where we
achieved guidance for iron ore shipments. We
also hit project milestones including first
underground copper production at Oyu Tolgoi
in Mongolia. Despite continued uncertainty in
the operating environment, we delivered
another set of robust financial results. We
generated underlying earnings of $118 billion
(2022: $13.4 billion) and net cash generated
from operating activities of $15.2 billion (2022:
$1611 billion). Profit after tax attributable to
‘owners of Rio Tinto was $10.1 billion (2022:
$12.4 billion) and our balance sheet remains
strong with net debt of $42 billion (2022: net
debt of $42 billion). As a result, the Board has
recommended a final ordinary dividend of 258
US cents per share, resulting in total
shareholder returns declared this year of

$7.1 billion, This represents a pay-out ratio of
60%, in line with our policy.

2023 was another year of extreme weather and
broken temperature records. In December, |
attended the UN climate summit (COP28) and
came away concerned the world is not on track
with the Paris Agreement goal to limit warming
to 15°C by 2100. National targets are not in line
with the overall goal, and current climate
policies in many countries are not yet aligned
with their stated ambitions.

Many 15°C scenarios now overshoot the long
term temperature goal and rely on significant
deployment of carbon dioxide removals to
get to net zero that may not be plausible. No
single company or country can halt the
course of climate change alone, so
partnering to reduce emissions is vital. This is
why we put the low-carbon transition at the
heart of our business strategy and are
working with governments, customers,
communities and others to decarbonise our
‘operations and value chains.

Rio celebrated its 150" anniversary in
2023. What did reaching this milestone
mean to you?

Rio Tinto’s strength is built upon its rich
history, and it has been important to explore
‘our past in our anniversary year to inform our
future. Our story is full of achievements and
failures we must learn from, but there is one
consistent theme: the spirit of innovation and
continuous improvement. This is what our
purpose - finding better ways to provide the
materials the world needs - is all about.

Our people have been doing this from the
beginning, and reaching this milestone has
reinvigorated our commitment to our
purpose. It has also been a reminder that we
are a long-term business. We are laying the
groundwork to ensure Rio Tinto is successful
not just today but for another 150 years.

We remained focused on our four
objectives in 2023. How are we doing on
our journey to best operator?

We need to be in the best shape possible to
capture the opportunities ahead of us, which
is why we are investing in the long-term
health of our people, assets, and ore bodies.
By prioritising these areas, we are creating
the conditions for consistent operational and
financial performance.

Evolving our culture is fundamental to how
we unlock performance. We have continued
to implement the 26 recommendations

of the Everyday Respect Report, and we are
embedding best practices and empowering
‘our people by deepening the rollout of

the Safe Production System (SPS). This is a
multi-year process, but it is already having a
profound impact. SPS has delivered real
improvements in our Pilbara iron ore
operations, realising a 5 million tonne
production uplift in 2023 and on target to
deliver another 5 million tonnes in 2024.

At the same time, Oyu Tolgoi is an example
of what becoming best operator looks like.
Less than a year since we