Consolidated income statement 165 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 166 Consolidated cash flow statement 167 Consolidated balance sheet 168 Consolidated statement of changes in equity 169 Financial statements – Notes 1 to 40 170 - 228 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 246 - 248 19 Exhibits See Exhibit List at the end of this document – Other information contained within Rio Tinto’s Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 (Form 20-F) is not included in this Form 20-F unless specifically identified above and is furnished to the SEC for information only. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 1 riotinto.com Many of our operations are located on land and waters that have belonged to Indigenous and Peoples for thousands of years. We respect their ongoing deep connection to, and their vast knowledge of, the land, water and environment. We pay our respects to Elders, both past and present, and acknowledge the important role Indigenous and Peoples play within communities and our business. Contents Strategic report 2025 at a glance 1 Beginning a new chapter 2 Why invest in Rio Tinto 2 Rio Tinto across the world 3 Chair's statement 4 From the Chief Executive 5 Strategic context 6 Our strategic framework 8 The story of our year 10 Our continuing path to value creation 12 Key performance indicators 14 Chief Financial Officer's statement 16 Financial review 17 Aluminium & Lithium 26 Copper 28 Iron Ore 30 Our approach to sustainability 32 Socially connected 36 Environmentally committed 46 Climate 53 Governance 87 Our approach to risk management 89 Risk factors 91 review 101 Directors’ report Chair's introduction 102 Governance framework 103 Board of Directors 104 Executive Committee 106 Our stakeholders - Section 172(1) statement 107 Board activities in 2025 110 Evaluating our performance 112 Nominations & Governance Committee report 113 Audit & Risk Committee report 115 Sustainability Committee report 120 Remuneration report 122 Additional statutory disclosure 150 2025 Financial statements About Rio Tinto 158 About the presentation of our consolidated financial statements 158 Consolidated primary statements 165 Notes to the consolidated financial statements 170 Other information Consolidated entity disclosure statement 230 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 246 Additional financial information Financial information by business unit 267 Alternative performance measures 270 Production, Mineral Reserves, Mineral Resources and operations Metals and minerals production 276 Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves 278 Qualified Persons 280 Mineral Reserves 282 Mineral Resources 294 Mines and production facilities 305 Additional information Shareholder information 336 US disclosure 342 Contact details 367 Cautionary statement about statements 368 On the cover: Bauxite stockpiles at Weipa Operations, Australia. Our 2025 reporting suite Scan the QR code or visit riotinto.com/reports References to information on websites in the Form 20-F are included as an aid to their location and such information is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Form 20-F. We have included any website as an inactive textual reference. The independent assurance report related to sustainability is not included within this Form 20-F and therefore any references to this report are not incorporated in, and do not form part of this Form 20-F. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 1 riotinto.com Strategic report 2025 at a glance A stronger, sharper and simpler way of working, to deliver leading returns. The world needs mining, and it needs mining done the right way. Demand for the metals and minerals we produce is rising, driven by population growth, economic development and the energy transition. At Rio Tinto, we’re committed to providing these materials safely, sustainably, and in a capital disciplined way, and to sharing the value we create with our stakeholders. Now we’re sharpening our strategic focus, so we can seize the opportunities ahead, and become the most valued metals and mining business. Fatalities at managed operations 1 (2024: 5 ) frequency rate 0.37 (2024: 0.37 ) Women in our workforce 1 26.2% (2024: 25.2% ) Employee satisfaction score from our Q4 People Survey 74 (Q4 2024: 74 ) Gross Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (adjusted equity basis) 31.5 Mt CO 2 e (2024: 31.7 Mt CO 2 e) Profit after tax attributable to owners of Rio Tinto 2 $10.0bn (2024: $11.6bn ) (net earnings) Net cash generated from operating activities $16.8bn (2024: $15.6bn ) Underlying EBITDA 3 $25.4bn (2024: $23.3bn ) Total dividend per share 402 cents (2024: 402 cents ) 2025 consolidated sales revenue: $57.6bn (2024: $53.7bn ) By destination l Greater China l US l Japan l Europe l Other Asia l South Korea l Canada l Australia l Other By reportable segment (%) l Aluminium & Lithium l Copper l Iron Ore Aluminium & Lithium Copper Iron Ore Underlying EBITDA $4.6bn (2024: $3.6bn ) 4 Underlying EBITDA $7.4bn (2024: $3.4bn ) Underlying EBITDA $15.2bn (2024: $17.0bn ) 4 Aluminium Rio Tinto share of production 3,380 kt (2024: 3,296 kt ) Bauxite Rio Tinto share of production 62.4 Mt (2024: 58.7 Mt ) Lithium Rio Tinto share of production 5 57 kt (2024: NA ) Copper Consolidated basis of production 883 kt (2024: 793 kt ) Pilbara iron ore 100% basis of production 327.3 Mt (2024: 328.0 Mt ) 1. Based on managed operations (excludes the Group's share of operations and joint ventures) as of 31 December of the relevant year. Includes legacy Arcadium Lithium employees for 2025 only. 2. All financial values in this Form 20-F are presented in US dollars unless otherwise stated. 3. Underlying EBITDA is a (International Financial Reporting Standards) measure. A definition of underlying EBITDA and a reconciliation to its closest IFRS measure is presented in note 1 (page 171 ). 4. Comparative information has been adjusted to reflect the organisational changes described in note 1 (page 170 ) for details. 5. Q1 2025 lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) production from Arcadium was 17 kt, of which 6 kt was produced since completion of the acquisition in March. Accordingly, of the 57 kt LCE production in 2025, 46 kt was attributable to Rio Tinto. For more information on our product groups’ performance, see pages 26 - 31 . Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 2 riotinto.com Strategic report Beginning a new chapter 2025 marks the start of a new era for Rio Tinto. We welcomed Simon Trott as Chief Executive, and outlined our intentions for our next phase: unlocking significant value from our portfolio, through operational performance and financial discipline, and by capitalising on the energy transition. We are building on strong foundations, with fresh momentum, and making fundamental changes to how we operate. With these improvements, our aim is to move faster, make better decisions and perform at our best. We’re exploring in 15 countries, and have a rich and diverse pipeline of options for the future. By concentrating on the most compelling opportunities, and building a stronger, more streamlined and efficient business, we can invest in profitable future growth. Above all, we will do this with safety, and with respect for the environment, communities, Indigenous Peoples and other stakeholders as our key priorities. We are building a performance culture where our employees feel accountable to deliver great outcomes, guided by care, courage and curiosity. We have clear opportunities to do better, and to improve both our safety and operational performance. So we are making changes today to ensure we’re in the best shape possible to meet the demands of the future. Why invest in Rio Tinto Our mission is to make Rio Tinto the most valued metals and mining business. Most valued by our shareholders , by our employees , customers and partners , and by the communities where we operate. To create a stronger business, we are taking immediate action in 3 areas for our shareholders: • To simplify and sharpen our focus on performance - we have already announced $650m in annualised productivity benefits, and we're targeting significantly more • To deliver and ramp up our major growth projects, with 3% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) increase in copper equivalent production from 2024 to 2030 • To release $5-10bn in cash from our asset base. 10-year record of paying out 60% of underlying earnings as dividends For more information see riotinto.com/invest Our strengths Our assets and increasingly diversified portfolio drive resilience and position us to adapt to a changing and opportunity-rich world. We have an attractive pipeline of growth options in commodities, and we’re focusing on bringing the best to fruition. Our project delivery capabilities are , and we intend to realise the most compelling of our growth opportunities, on time and on budget. Partnerships with customers and other industry stakeholders are both a strength and an enabler, as we develop and operate our assets. Our experience at the Simandou iron ore project in Guinea, for example, has demonstrated the value such partnerships bring. We have a strong balance sheet, and we’re focusing on improving our cost discipline further. Our Safe Production System aims to transform how we operate our assets, manage performance, and develop and empower our people. With a stronger focus on safety and reliability, we are driving efficiency across our assets. Our commitments and results People and safety come first, and we are redoubling our efforts to eliminate fatalities. We believe good corporate governance supports high standards of business conduct and helps ensure the success of our business – and our Board is structured to uphold this. We are investing in the future, in accordance with our disciplined investment approach to organic growth. We are on track for a ~20% increase in copper equivalent production from 2024 to 2030, with multiple options to extend our growth into the following decade. In our Lithium business, for example, our focus is on delivering our in- flight projects on time and on budget, towards 200 kt lithium carbonate equivalent capacity by 2028. We have delivered resilient earnings through cycles, and are committed to consistent shareholder returns as we grow. Our policy seeks to return 40% to 60% of our underlying earnings, on average through the cycle, as dividends. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 3 riotinto.com Strategic report Rio Tinto across the world We have 61,000 1 employees working across 34 2 countries on 6 continents, and 3 businesses driving our performance and growth: Aluminium & Lithium, Copper and Iron Ore. Aluminium & Lithium brings together businesses with extensive mining and downstream processing capabilities. It combines aluminium operations in the Pacific and Atlantic regions with lithium global operations and growth projects in Argentina, Canada and Chile. Our Copper group is well positioned to capitalise on the global energy transition, with operations in Chile, Mongolia and the US, and future options including projects and partnerships in Australia, Chile, Peru and the US. Iron Ore combines our operations in Western Australia and Canada, and will integrate the Simandou project in Guinea once fully operational, creating a global iron ore business. Our Borates and Iron & Titanium businesses have been placed under strategic review and report into our Chief Commercial Officer. Operations and projects 3 Aluminium Mines Lithium 4 Projects Copper Smelters, refineries, processing plants, and power and shipping facilities remote from mine Iron Ore Other 5 operations 1. This represents the average number of employees for the year, including the Group's share of operations and joint ventures, rounded to the nearest thousand. Refer to page 209 for more information. 2. Includes our mines and production facilities, main exploration activities and countries where we have a significant presence through activities including research and development, commercial, sales, and corporate functions. 3. The map indicates the location of our global operations and projects, however it does not identify all individual facilities included in an operation. It does not include our offices, research and development centres, and some processing and shipping facilities. The dots on the map are indicative and in some locations we have more assets than visually represented due to the size of the map. For more detail, see the Mines and production facilities section on pages 305 - 325 . Management responsibility for the Simandou iron ore project in Guinea during the build phase of the project falls under the Chief Safety & Technical Officer and is outside of reportable segments until completion of the project. On completion, the project will transfer to the Iron Ore product group. 4. The Lithium projects in Chile are subject to regulatory approval and final execution. 5. Includes the Borates and Iron & Titanium businesses, which were placed under strategic review during 2025, with the Diamonds business now presented outside of our product group structure as it is managed by the Chief Commercial Officer. For more information on our operating model, see page 8 . For more on our mines and production facilities, Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves around the world, see pages 282 to 304 . Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 4 riotinto.com Strategic report Chair’s statement I believe that Rio Tinto is well on its way to becoming the most valued metals and mining business. Over 2025, we executed some of the most technically challenging mining projects on Earth. We forged and reinforced extraordinary partnerships and moved decisively into a decade of delivery and growth. I begin this report by recognising, with great sadness, the death of a colleague at the SimFer site in Guinea on 14 February. This tragedy follows the death of Mohamed Camara in August at the same site, a loss that was felt deeply across the business. We hold both teammates’ families, friends and colleagues in our thoughts, along with all those affected. We have taken immediate action to understand the causes of both tragedies and we will continue to strengthen our practices to ensure our people’s safety. In a further 12 months characterised by geopolitical volatility and rapid technological progress, one truth became increasingly clear: now, more than ever, the world needs mining. The materials we provide not only fuel modern life but also enable underlying infrastructure for the technology revolution and energy transition. And volatility and fragmentation has increased the imperative and awareness of the need for critical minerals. In the second half of last year, the Board appointed Simon Trott to lead Rio Tinto as Chief Executive. He succeeds Jakob Stausholm, who was instrumental in rebuilding trust with our key stakeholders and prepared the ground for our future growth, both strategically and culturally. The Board is deeply grateful to Jakob for his leadership and service. Mining at its best In this next phase for Rio Tinto, the Board and leadership team have focused on implementing a stronger, sharper and simpler way of working across the business. Our strong operating performance over the year shows that we are building on a firm foundation. And over 2025, I saw the strong progress being made at many of our sites as we deliver on this work. At Oyu Tolgoi in Mongolia, I witnessed how we are extending the frontiers of mining technology. Here, we are ramping up copper production from an orebody more than 1,300 metres underground and comparable in size to Manhattan. That same operational excellence was evident at our lithium sites in Argentina. There, I saw our progress in supplying customers with , lithium carbonate. In Canada, I met the teams operating our technologically advanced aluminium smelters in Quebec. I also spent time with colleagues who are driving innovations in our iron ore business in Quebec and Labrador. And across the year, I saw time and again, Rio Tinto’s ability to build strong and meaningful partnerships. In November, I joined the celebrations to mark first ore at Simandou in Guinea. This massive achievement was made possible by a unique partnership, consisting of the Government of Guinea, Chinalco, Baowu and WCS. Beyond the mine, the project delivers a major new source of iron ore to the world, a more than 620-kilometre railway and port facilities. Simandou also promises to bring vast potential economic benefits and could grow Guinea’s GDP by up to 55% by 2030. Responding to a changing world I said in our 2024 Annual Report that we are living in uncertain times and this has proved to be something of an understatement. I am confident in our ability to navigate geopolitical challenges. Our agile response to US trade tariff volatility exemplified this capability. Equally, our diversified portfolio of world class assets, balance sheet strength and focus on operational excellence and project building enable us to respond to shifting demand in a more regionalised, protectionist world. Climate change is another factor shaping how we operate. The massive cyclones in the Pilbara at the start of the year reminded us that extreme weather conditions can materially affect our operations. Against this backdrop, we believe our commitment to our decarbonisation targets, which we reaffirmed in our 2025 Climate Action Plan, is both environmentally responsible and in our shareholders’ interests. Our operations’ benefits must be felt beyond the mine gate and within the communities who host us. Over 2025, we strengthened our social licence and relationships with Indigenous Peoples and communities. In June, we opened the Western Range iron ore mine in Australia, which we developed with our joint venture partner China Baowu Group, in close collaboration with the Yinhawangka People. It showed what can be achieved through meaningful engagement with Traditional Owners in mine planning and development. We built on this milestone by updating 3 agreements with Pilbara Traditional Owners, reflecting modernised partnership expectations. While these agreements mark significant progress, we know there is still more to do. Moving forward together Our achievements in 2025 would not have been possible without our people. Across Rio Tinto, we continue to build a positive, values- driven performance culture, creating the right conditions for success. Our aim is for our people to feel safe, respected and accountable for their work, and confident that their voices and ideas are heard. In turn, our colleagues’ dedication is creating a Rio Tinto that is valued for how it performs, and the way it works with others. We look to the year ahead with optimism, as we build on our already strong momentum to deliver shareholder returns and lasting value for our stakeholders. My thanks, and that of the Board, go to our people, partners, customers, suppliers, investors, and governments, Indigenous Peoples and communities for their support throughout 2025. Dominic Barton Chair 19 February 2026 Follow Dominic on LinkedIn linkedin.com/in/dominicsbarton Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 5 riotinto.com Strategic report From the Chief Executive In 2025, we launched a new era for Rio Tinto. This was a year defined by progress in implementing a stronger, sharper and simpler way of working, driven by our mission to become the most valued metals and mining business. The past months have also reminded us, in the most sobering way, why safety is, and must always be, the foundation of everything we do. We were devastated by the death of a colleague at the SimFer site on 14 February. This loss follows the tragic death of Mohamed Camara at the site in August. Nothing is more important than the safety of everyone who works with us. We are determined to learn from these incidents and to do everything to ensure everyone goes home safe, every shift. Unlocking Rio Tinto’s potential My 26 years with this business has shown me that when Rio Tinto is at its best, it is extraordinary. In my first months as Chief Executive, my focus, with Rio Tinto’s leadership team, has been on unlocking this potential. Our mission is to move Rio Tinto into a new era of delivery and growth, and become the most valued metals and mining business. Our strategy begins with assets in the right markets, which play to our competitive advantages of expertise, size and scale. It is enabled by our people, our strong social licence and partnerships with communities and stakeholders. It rests on the 3 priorities of a great metals and mining businesses: o perational excellence , p roject execution and c apital discipline . Here are some of the actions we took under each of these priorities in 2025. Clear accountabilities and faster decisions Our immediate priority under o perational excellence was the need to simplify the business’ way of working. We instilled clearer accountabilities and reduced complexity, improving the pace and quality of decisions. We moved from 4 product groups to 3, bringing Aluminium and Lithium together. We also introduced a new operating model that places decisions at the point of impact, supported by a smaller Executive Committee with depth and diversity of experience. Already these efforts are delivering results. In December, we announced $650 million in annualised productivity benefits and savings, and we are targeting significantly more. Crucially, our drive for operational excellence does not mean a between performance and safety, which go hand in hand. Over 2025, our Safe Production System, now deployed across all managed sites, continued to drive efficiencies and productivity, giving rise to some record production results. Delivering assets In March, we completed the acquisition of Arcadium Lithium, establishing Rio Tinto as a leader in supplying energy transition materials, with one of the world’s largest lithium resource bases. In May, we announced plans to begin early works and conduct final engineering studies to increase production capacity at the Amrun bauxite mine in Far North Queensland. The Kangwinan project will involve building a new mine and expanding the existing port to almost double bauxite production from our Weipa Southern operations. In June, in the Pilbara, we delivered Western Range on time and on budget. We also secured investment in the next tranche of projects that will sustain our Western Australian iron ore operations for decades to come. In Mongolia, Oyu Tolgoi delivered record copper production as the underground advanced. And in November, we marked the start of operations from Simandou in Guinea, achieved less than 2 years after major construction began. Simandou sets a new benchmark for how we deliver large projects, demonstrating that partnership is increasingly a Rio Tinto superpower. Performance built on trust and discipline The world needs mining, and mining done the right way. Our social licence is fundamental to our future business. Our plans for delivery and growth depend on earning our partners’ trust. Throughout 2025, we strengthened our relationships with investors, customers, governments, Indigenous Peoples and communities. At Rio Tinto, we believe that when our values are embedded in the way we operate, our performance strengthens. The agreement we signed in 2025 with the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura (PKKP) Aboriginal Corporation reflects this approach and supports a lasting and trusted partnership. The agreement gives the PKKP People confidence that their heritage will be protected and Rio Tinto certainty for our operations and development. Equally, strong performance requires firm financial foundations. Capital discipline is critical to converting our work into long- term value. That starts with a resilient balance sheet, rigorous capital allocation, and a clear focus on delivering leading returns to shareholders. In December, we announced plans to release $5 to $10 billion of cash from our asset base, as we direct resources to our most compelling opportunities . The most valued metals and mining business At our 2025 Capital Markets Day, I was asked what it means to be the most valued metals and mining business. To me, this mission is defined by each group we serve: for investors, most valued means delivering strong returns. For our people, it means Rio Tinto is the place they most want to work. For our partners, for our customers, and for communities, most valued is about delivering on our promises and creating lasting positive impact. Simon Trott Chief Executive 19 February 2026 Follow Simon on LinkedIn linkedin.com/in/ Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 6 riotinto.com Strategic report Strategic context We conduct deep analysis of external forces, geopolitical shifts and global trends to create scenarios , through which we develop and stress test our strategy. These scenarios explore potential futures for our industry and commodities, and inform our business model, portfolio, financial and operating decisions across the horizon. Our scenario approach Our scenarios stress test our portfolio and investment decisions under alternative macroeconomic settings, to better understand opportunities, risks and mitigations. These scenarios are created collaboratively, combining expertise with leading external assessment. We also test our analysis against consensus forecasts, to explore our level of conviction against the market, and identify emerging opportunities and risks. Our Conviction scenario reflects what we anticipate will happen, rather than our aspiration, and translates our beliefs about the future into macroeconomic and environmental drivers. This scenario envisages a period of increased geopolitical and industry fragmentation, characterised by global competition and frequent government intervention in key markets. Climate action will be and will fall short of the Paris goals, but the rising frequency of climate events and technological development will eventually galvanise significant progress. We have adjusted scenario inputs and assumptions to reflect lower global growth projections, and delays in the pace of decarbonisation. However, these do not result in significant impacts on our overall business strategy, as we foresee robust traditional growth, energy addition and supply constraints continuing to underpin strong primary demand for our portfolio in the mid to long term. Additional scenarios provide sensitivity analysis. These include the following scenarios. • Our Resilience scenario represents a world, where prevailing geopolitical uncertainty, and populist and nationalist movements result in weaker governance, fragmented global trade, slower energy transition and less effective climate action. • Our Aspirational Leadership scenario allows us to explore decisions in a world that remains on track to limit the global average temperature rise to 1.5°C (above levels) by 2100. This scenario envisages high economic growth, significant social change and accelerated climate action. These scenarios allow us to examine the robustness of our investment decisions, identify opportunities for protecting against the downside, gauge against market conviction, and evaluate areas where we see upside potential beyond our peers. For more information on our scenario analysis, see the Climate section on page 73 . Global trends Three key global trends inform our price forecasts and portfolio decisions. Global economic development • There is increasing regionalisation and protectionism, and desire for supply security , contributing to: • the rerouting of global trade routes • increasing military expenditure • increasing trade barriers. • Global economic growth prospects over the next few decades are softening as the pace of global trade and investment slows. • However, the traditional growth drivers of metals demand remain robust (ie population growth, industrialisation and urbanisation in emerging markets), with new drivers emerging (eg AI data centres, robotics). Energy transition • Global electricity demand continues to grow. • Although timelines to net zero are slipping, renewables are an increasing share of energy supply, supported by their improved cost competitiveness relative to hydrocarbons. • The expansion of new power generation, transmission, and distribution infrastructure is a significant driver for aluminium, copper and lithium . Persistent supply constraints • Scrap has consistently under- performed expectations, with lower demolition rates, longer life cycles and lower scrap recovery, creating additional requirements for primary supply. • Mine delivery timelines continue to expand. Discovery rates are declining, and grades worsening. We see increasingly complex approval processes, higher environmental and social standards, and deeper orebodies requiring more complex engineering. • Supply growth is frequently more costly than previously anticipated – increasing capital intensity is a challenge across the industry. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 7 riotinto.com Strategic report | Strategic context What these mean for our markets and commodities • Continued strong demand outlook across our 4 commodities. • Growth outlook for energy metals remains strong. • Positive upside for metals and mining companies with diverse geographical footprints , or trading capabilities, or both. • Price outlook across our 4 commodities remains strong. • Iron ore: robust steel demand growth from the Global South will compensate (in part or in full) for expected decline in demand from China. Incremental iron ore supply growth is needed just to offset depletions. • Copper: has an attractive demand outlook driven by electrification. There is a significant supply gap due to increased cost and complexity of new primary supply. • Aluminium: steepening of the cost curve with new supply being added outside of China and rising electricity costs. This underpins strong pricing. • Lithium: falling battery prices continue to improve the cost competitiveness of electric vehicles versus internal combustion engine vehicles, and is coupled with increasing demand for battery energy storage systems. Demand 1 growth 2025F 2 2035F 3 Aluminium Transmission distances grow by 42% in next decade 4 ~1.2x 103 Mt 1.4 Mt Lithium Battery energy storage systems (BESS) installations to triple over next decade 5 ~3.4x Copper Electrification of final energy demand increases from 21% to 30% in 2035 6 ~1.3x 34 Mt ~1.1x Steel India and ASEAN construction to grow ~65% by 2035 6 1.8 Bt 1. Graphic presented at Rio Tinto’s Capital Markets Day, December 2025. Semis demand, rounded figure. 2. 2025 demand shown as forecast based on data available in December 2025. Actuals are not available at time of publication of the 2025 Annual Report . 3. 2035 demand reflects a growth multiple from 2025F. 4. Represents kilometres of network, BloombergNEF estimate. 5. BloombergNEF estimate. 6. Rio Tinto Economics internal estimate. Source: Rio Tinto Economics Conviction scenario, BloombergNEF. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 8 riotinto.com Strategic report Our strategic framework How we will become the most valued metals and mining business We are moving at pace to increase operational excellence, and deliver our major growth projects, with capital discipline. There is more to come, as we focus on delivering returns, with a lasting positive impact. Our mission is to be the world’s most valued metals and mining business – for shareholders, employees, the people who work with us, our customers and partners, and the communities around us. We will achieve our mission through a strategy that starts with having the right assets in the right markets, supported by a diversified model and strong balance sheet that delivers performance and returns through the commodity cycle. We have evolved our operating model to work in a stronger, sharper and simpler way. Our streamlined operating model Our new operating model makes us stronger, unlocks more value through clearer accountability, drives productivity, and embeds a more disciplined approach to how we allocate capital. Everything we do is anchored in our commitment to safety that works in harmony with better outcomes: a safe operation is a productive and valuable one. Operational excellence • Unlock the full value of our assets • Simplified structure with 3 product groups, leaner central teams, with accountability and moved to the assets • Stronger operational discipline and improved productivity Project execution • Deliver projects on time, and on budget • Scale best practices across our project portfolio • Reduce holding costs for options Capital discipline • Investments that deliver • Maintain strong balance sheet • Release value from our asset base See how we performed against our key performance indicators on pages 14 - 15 . Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 9 riotinto.com Strategic report | Our strategic framework Our mission To be the most valued metals and mining business Our purpose Finding better ways TM to provide the materials the world needs Our strategy A diversified portfolio of assets and projects in the right markets, underpinned by a strong balance sheet and social licence Our objectives People and safety first Eliminating fatalities, keeping our people safe and helping them thrive, in a performance culture. Operational excellence Unlocking the full value of our assets, simplifying and driving clear accountability, with financial discipline. Excel in development Optimising capital allocation and turning growth opportunities into value. Strong sustainability and social licence Driving decarbonisation, being the most valued partner, ensuring guardrails on commercial performance to reputation, and earning trust with communities, partners and customers. Our values Care Caring about the safety of ourselves and others, the impact we have on our colleagues, communities, and the environment, and creating an environment of trust. Courage Showing vulnerability, speaking up and challenging when we can do better, and taking ownership of our actions and outcomes to drive performance. Curiosity Learning and growing in our fields of expertise, looking for opportunities to solve problems with everyday innovation, and being open to different perspectives. Our business model delivers the value that matters most to our stakeholders. We are committed to being responsible operators and achieving excellence at every stage – from discovery to closure. For more information, see page 12 . We ensure effective corporate governance to manage our performance responsibly and sustainably. For more information on how our Board oversees the delivery of our strategy, and how we manage risk, see our Directors’ report from page 102 . Find out how our Remuneration Policy supports the delivery of our strategy in our Remuneration report from page 122 . Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 10 riotinto.com Strategic report The story of our year Link to objectives l People and safety first l Excel in development l Operational excellence l Strong sustainability and social licence In 2025, we’ve made progress against our strategy, and responded to challenges, across our global business. Safety our priority, as cyclones hit l l When 4 cyclones hit our iron ore operations in Western Australia in early 2025, our first priority was to keep people safe. Pausing some operations and damage to equipment impacted Q1 production by 13 Mt, but our teams’ resilience and efforts to recover from the extreme weather helped us deliver record rates from April onwards and achieve stable full year Pilbara production year on year. Investing in the next generation of Pilbara mines l l We secured investments to sustain production from our iron ore operations in Western Australia for decades to come. Following Traditional Owner support, the Brockman Syncline 1, Hope Downs 2 and West Angelas Sustaining projects received all necessary state and federal government approvals. Our strategy to continue investing in Australian iron ore supports jobs, local businesses, and the state and national economies, and we are committed to ensuring the Pilbara remains critical to global steel supply well into the future. And in June, we opened Western Range, our newest iron ore mine - see page 31 . Solar and battery agreement towards BSL repowering l We continued the process of procuring renewable energy and storage projects to supply power to Boyne Smelters Ltd (BSL), an aluminium smelter in Queensland, Australia, beyond 2029. In February, we signed hybrid services agreements with Edify Energy for the Smoky Creek & Guthrie’s Gap Solar Power Stations. Together with wind and solar power purchase agreements announced in 2024, the annual energy generated could meet approximately 80% of Boyne smelter’s annual electricity demand, once operational. Currently, all contracted projects remain in project development phases, and we continue to monitor them as they progress towards final investment decisions and financial close. For more information on BSL repowering, see page 59 . Image: Fénix lithium brine operation, Argentina. Creating a lithium business l In March, we completed the acquisition of Arcadium Lithium plc, establishing Rio Tinto as a global leader in the supply of energy transition materials, with one of the world’s largest lithium resource bases. In December, at an investor site visit to Argentina, we outlined how we are delivering the projects on time and on budget towards 200 kt lithium carbonate equivalent capacity by 2028. Beyond these committed projects, we will take a disciplined approach with future developments focusing on lowering capital intensity. Deepening our culture of respect l In October, teams across Rio Tinto paused work to take part in Stop for Respect. This annual initiative, founded by Iron Ore, creates space to reflect on how respect shows up in our daily work, and how it connects to physical and psychological safety – strengthening inclusion, trust and our shared commitment to a respectful workplace. We plan to expand participation in 2026 so more teams can join these important conversations. Critical minerals R&D project milestone l We extracted the first primary gallium, a critical mineral used in technologies including radars, smartphones and electric cars, as part of a research and development project with our partner Indium Corporation. We aim to extract commercial quantities of gallium present in bauxite processed in our Vaudreuil alumina refinery in Canada. Advancing the Winu project l l We signed the final joint venture agreements with Sumitomo Metal Mining to deliver the Winu project in Western Australia. Our partnership strengthens the Winu project, as we continue to prioritise the strong and enduring partnerships built with the land’s Traditional Owners, the Nyangumarta and the Martu. As we enter this new era for Rio Tinto, we’ve taken some significant steps forward ... We are delivering our major growth projects ... We are focused on capital discipline ... And behind all this progress are our people, our social licence, and our skills at developing partnerships.” Simon Trott, Chief Executive, Capital Markets Day, December 2025 Modernising a strategic asset l l We announced the single largest investment in our hydroelectric assets since the 1950s, with $1.2 billion for the modernisation of the power plant in Quebec, which was commissioned in 1926. The project, which will run until 2032, is essential to secure the future of aluminium production in Saguenay– , ensuring a more efficient, safe and reliable supply of renewable energy to our facilities. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 11 riotinto.com Strategic report | The story of our year Securing Amrun’s future l l l We progressed projects at our Amrun bauxite mine – important steps in securing the future of our operations in Cape York, Queensland, Australia. We began early works and final studies for the Kangwinan project, which will involve building a new mine and expanding the existing port to almost double bauxite production. And we approved $180 million investment on a project that will enable mining of the Norman Creek region, where around half of the declared Amrun Mineral Reserves are held. Read about the strong performance we delivered at Amrun in 2025 on page 27 . A renewed approach to cultural heritage protection l In 2025, the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and Pinikura (PKKP) Aboriginal Corporation signed a Agreement with us, to support a lasting and trusted partnership. The agreement forms the overarching framework for our iron ore operations on PKKP Country, and puts and joint design at the centre. It is designed to provide certainty to the PKKP for the protection and management of their heritage, and gives us certainty for our operations and development. Image L-R: Chief Executive Simon Trott and Pinikura Traditional Owner and Chairperson of the PKKP Aboriginal Corporation, Terry Drage. Finding practical, scalable ways to eliminate falling objects l l In 2025, The Pitch – our global employee innovation program – focused on falling objects, a critical risk that was behind 25% of potential fatal incidents the previous year. We asked our people to focus on defining the challenges we face, and we’re now partnering with employees, our assets and external innovators to set out technology requirements, crowdsource solutions, and deploy at site. Image: Simandou project, Guinea. Simandou starts operations l l In December, the first shipment of iron ore from Simandou left Guinea bound for international markets. Simandou is the largest integrated mining and related infrastructure project in Africa. It unlocks an exceptional new source of iron ore that is in demand for steel, and complements our portfolio of iron ore mines in the Pilbara and Canada. The project is delivering more than 600 kilometres of new rail, together with barge and transhipment vessel port facilities. This milestone was a time to reflect, and remember our colleagues Morlaye Camara, who passed away in 2024, and Mohamed Camara who lost his life in 2025, on the project (see page 36 ). We are also deeply saddened by the death of a teammate in February 2026, following an incident at the SimFer mine site. Safety is the foundation of our business and our number one priority. We are committed to learning from these tragic events, so everyone goes home safe, every shift, every day. Image: Oyu Tolgoi underground mine, Mongolia. Oyu Tolgoi underground project development complete l l of the Oyu Tolgoi underground mine in Mongolia made strong progress in 2025, with completion of the underground system and all major infrastructure, and delivering a record copper production increase of 61% year on year. This helped us deliver an 11% increase in total annual copper production year on year. At Oyu Tolgoi, we saw rising contribution from underground material, supported by the conveyor to surface, and also benefited from mine sequencing in the open pit. In November, in the US, we produced first copper using our Nuton ® Technology - see page 29 . Progressing diesel alternatives in the Pilbara l We carried out a successful trial of biofuel across our Western Australian iron ore ports, railways and mines. The trial provided us with a greater understanding of how renewable diesel could be integrated across our Pilbara operations, to help bridge the gap to widespread electrification. Achieving zero exhaust emissions haulage needs involvement across the industry. At the end of the year, in collaboration with BHP and Caterpillar, we welcomed Australia's first Cat ® 793 XE Early Learner haul trucks to BHP's Jimblebar iron ore mine, marking the start of onsite testing. SPS driving operational excellence l l The Safe Production System (SPS) is now deployed across all Rio Tinto managed sites, driving operational improvements across the Group. More than 10,000 frontline employees have completed SPS training programs, empowering them to solve problems, simplify processes, and accelerate to improve performance. These efforts have delivered operational stability and record results, including record bauxite production at Weipa, and setting 2 consecutive monthly iron ore output records in 2025. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 12 riotinto.com Strategic report Our continuing path to value creation Our simplified structure and sharper focus equip us to deliver new standards of value creation, through financial discipline, productivity and growth. Driven by a clear mission – to be the most valued metals and mining business – and by leaning into the areas where we can carve out a distinctive competitive advantage, we will position ourselves to be the best in our sector. Throughout our business model, we deliver value for our key stakeholders. Our people, communities, civil society organisations and governments are vital partners throughout the project life cycle, from find to close. We strive to maximise value for customers and investors. And we work closely with suppliers to support our frontline teams to deliver. Our business model We’re committed to safety, and to working closely with the communities who host us, at every stage. We aspire to be the partner of choice to find, build and operate businesses. Find We use new and advanced technologies to explore, discover and deliver attractive growth opportunities in the materials the world needs. Build We focus on the delivery of large and complex projects on time and on budget. Operate We own and operate mining and processing assets across the world and across commodities. We’re dedicated to operational excellence and to enabling our frontline teams to deliver. Sell, Move and Buy We market and deliver the materials our customers need, moving them safely, reliably and efficiently. Our procurement activities support our assets and projects, and strengthen local supply chains. Close We work with our stakeholders as we prepare our assets for closure, engaging with them on rehabilitation and social transition planning. We also manage and rehabilitate legacy closure sites. How we deliver value We create value through the work of our talented people, our deep industry expertise, our scale, our assets and our disciplined approach to capital allocation. People We are empowering our people to deliver excellence and contribute to our mission, with safety as our number one priority. Employees 1 61,000 (2024: 60,000 ) Portfolio We have a strong and diverse portfolio of operating assets and projects in 34 countries , and compelling growth opportunities. Operating assets 2 $ 77 bn (2024: $ 61 bn) Financial strength and discipline We continue to invest in profitable growth while retaining a strong balance sheet. Net gearing ratio 3 18% (2024: 9% ) Capabilities in developing and operating We bring exploration expertise, - class project execution, and our Safe Production System that’s driving stability, improvement and performance. SPS deployed at 100% of managed sites (2024: 86% 4 ) 1. This represents the average number of employees for the year, including the Group's share of operations and joint ventures, rounded to the nearest thousand. Refer to page 209 for more information. 2. Operating assets is a measure. A reconciliation to the nearest IFRS measure is presented in the Financial information by business unit (FIBU) on pages 267 to 269 . 3. Net gearing ratio is a measure. A reconciliation to the nearest IFRS measure is presented in Alternative Performance Measures on page 274 . 4. 2024 data has been restated to reflect a change in the scope of sites targeted for SPS deployment. 2024 and 2025 data excludes sites acquired through the acquisition of Arcadium Lithium. See page 89 to learn how we manage our risks. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 13 riotinto.com Strategic report | Our continuing path to value creation Who we create value for Here are some of the ways we engage with our stakeholders, and how the value we create translates for them. Our people Nothing is more important than making sure our people go home safe. We’re building a performance culture, where everyone feels accountable to deliver great outcomes with care, courage and curiosity. Investors It is important we understand our investors’ needs and vision for the company, and so we communicate and engage with them extensively throughout the year. Communities We listen to, consult and solutions with communities and Indigenous Peoples to deliver shared benefits and respect for people, culture, land and environment. Customers Our customers are fundamental to our success. By building strong, enduring relationships based on trust, we work to deliver products that meet their needs today while supporting their ambitions for a low- carbon future. Civil society organisations We regularly engage with civil society organisations to understand societal expectations of Rio Tinto. Although our opinions may differ, we respect diverse views and are open to constructive, feedback and challenge. Governments Governments regulate our operations, are among our commercial partners, and receive revenue from our taxes and royalties. Suppliers We work in partnership with suppliers to deliver solutions that best support our business. Where possible, we partner with local and Indigenous businesses. What we deliver We have a clear focus on delivering leading returns to shareholders, and lasting positive impact. returns We are focused on delivering leading returns to shareholders, and are committed to our returns policy of paying 40% to 60% of underlying earnings as dividends. We have a clear pathway to increase volumes, reduce costs, further strengthen our balance sheet, and release cash from our asset base, all of which will drive returns. Total shareholder return 66.4% (2024: 79.8% ) Total dividends declared to shareholders $ 6.5 bn (2024: $ 6.5 bn) 10-year record of paying out 60% of underlying earnings as dividends Lasting positive impact Our operations deliver meaningful benefits to host communities, including the production of essential materials, job creation, small business growth, tax and royalty contributions, skills development, and targeted socioeconomic programs. We partner with communities and other stakeholders to understand their priorities and concerns, and our impact, and respond in ways that create value. Paid in taxes and royalties over the past 10 years $ 83 bn (2024: $ 77 bn) Voluntary global social investment $ 114.3 m (2024: $ 95.9 m) Spent with suppliers globally $ 34.4 bn (2024: $ 31.0 bn) Spent with Indigenous businesses in Australia A$ 1.13 bn (2024: A$ 926 m) Contestable spend sourced from suppliers local to our operations 15.4 % (2024: 15.1 %) Section 172(1) statement This stakeholder section, together with our stakeholder pages in the Governance section (pages 107 - 109 ), explains how the Board takes account of stakeholder interests. These comprise our “Section 172(1) statement”. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 14 riotinto.com Strategic report Key performance indicators We use a range of financial and metrics to measure Group performance against our 4 objectives: people and safety first, operational excellence, excel in development, and strong sustainability and social licence. Link to remuneration The People & Remuneration Committee ensures that the remuneration policies, frameworks and practices are aligned with the Group strategy and objectives. As such, decisions on remuneration take into account a number of our key performance indicators, specifically within our and incentive plans, and more broadly when considering wider business performance. Please refer to the Directors’ Remuneration Report for more detail on remuneration (see pages 122 - 149 ). Link to objectives l People and safety first l Operational excellence l Excel in development l Strong sustainability and social licence measures frequency rate (AIFR) per 200,000 hours worked l l Definition We define AIFR as the number of injuries per 200,000 hours worked by employees and contractors at our managed operations. It includes medical treatment cases, restricted workday, injuries and fatal injuries. Performance in 2025 Our frequency rate (AIFR) for 2025 w as 0.37, consistent with our 2024 performance a nd better than our Group target of 0.38. While this reflects our continued focus on reducing injuries, we tragically experienced one fatality and one permanent damage injury during the year. We remain deeply committed to learning from these events and ensuring that everyone can go home safe, every shift. Across our operations, we continue to see s erious incidents where individuals are exposed to potentially fatal hazards. Our highest number of potentially fatal incidents are from falling o bjects, falls from height, and vehicle and events. Addressing these risks remains a core priority as we work to strengthen control effectiveness, enhance risk management and build a learning culture. Gross Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (adjusted equity basis) l l l (Mt CO 2 e) Definition We report our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions using the equity share approach. It includes the equity share of Scope 1 and 2 emissions from managed and operations, expressed in million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent. Performance in 2025 Our 2025 gross Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (adjusted equity basis) were 31.5 Mt CO₂e, a reduction of 0.2 Mt CO₂e from the previous year. Reductions were driven by the increased use of renewable diesel at Kennecott, offset by higher emissions from increased production, particularly in iron ore and copper. As of 2025, our gross adjusted Scope 1 and 2 emissions are 14% below 2018 levels. After applying offsets, our net adjusted Scope 1 and 2 emissions are 17% below our baseline. Overall reductions were primarily achieved through renewable energy contracts, including the use of unbundled renewable energy certificates in regions where new energy is under development. In 2025, we expect to retire approximately 1.17 million Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs) to meet our 2025 Safeguard Mechanism compliance obligations. For more information, see the Climate section in this report from page 53 . Gender diversity l l l representation of women within our workforce Definition Includes our total workforce based on managed operations (excludes the Group’s share of operations and joint ventures, and legacy Arcadium Lithium employees). Performance in 2025 The representation of women at Rio Tinto increased from 25.2% in 2024 to 26.3% in 2025, which is short of our target of 26.7%. We saw improvements across all levels of the organisation, with senior leaders increasing from 32.0% to 32.8%, and operations and general support increasing from 18.9% to 20.4%. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 15 riotinto.com Strategic report | Key performance indicators Financial measures The financial key performance metrics used by the Board to monitor the performance of the Group comprise both IFRS and measures. Reconciliations to the nearest comparable IFRS measure are set out in Alternative Performance Measures (pages 270 - 274 ). Total shareholder return (TSR)¹ l l l l measured over the preceding 5 years (using annual average share price) Definition TSR is calculated as share price appreciation over the preceding 5 years (using annual average share price) with dividends being reinvested. Performance in 2025 TSR performance over the 5-year period was driven principally by movements in commodity prices and changes in the global macro environment. Over the 5-year performance period to 31 December 2025, Rio Tinto’s TSR was 66.4% which was below the TSR of both the S&P Global Mining Index and the MSCI World Index. Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE) l l Definition Underlying earnings excluding net interest divided by average capital employed (operating assets). Performance in 2025 Underlying ROCE decreased 2 percentage points to 16%, reflecting stable underlying earnings and higher operating assets as a result of the Arcadium acquisition. Underlying earnings and underlying EBITDA l $ millions Underlying earnings Underlying EBITDA Definition Underlying earnings represents net earnings attributable to the owners of Rio Tinto, adjusted to exclude items that do not reflect the underlying performance of the Group’s operations. Underlying EBITDA is a segmental performance measure (see note 1 of the financial statements) and represents underlying earnings adjusted to remove taxation, net finance items, depreciation and amortisation. Performance in 2025 Underlying EBITDA increased $2 billion to $25.4 billion driven by higher sales volumes and a 5% reduction in operating unit costs (in 2024 real terms). Underlying earnings of $10.9 billion was stable, reflecting the same factors, offset by higher depreciation, finance items and taxes. Net cash generated from operating activities l $ millions Definition This IFRS measure refers to cash generated by our operations after tax and interest, including dividends received from equity accounted units and dividends paid to interests in subsidiaries. Performance in 2025 Net cash generated from operating activities increased 8% to $16.8 billion , driven by higher sales volumes year on year. Free cash flow l l $ millions Definition Net cash generated from operating activities minus purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangibles, and payments of lease principle, plus proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets. Performance in 2025 Free cash flow decreased to $4.0 billion , driven by increased growth, replacement and sustaining capital expenditures, partially offset by higher net cash generated from operating activities. Net (debt)/cash l l $ millions Definition Total borrowings plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and other liquid investments, adjusted for derivatives related to net (debt)/cash (see note 20 of the financial statements). Performance in 2025 Net debt increased to $14.4 billion , reflecting the completion of the $7.6 billion Arcadium acquisition and $6.1 billion in dividends paid during the year, partially offset by $4.0 billion of free cash flow generated and $1.0 billion net project funding received from interest shareholders. 1. The TSR calculation for each period is based on the change in the average share prices for Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Limited over the preceding 5 years. This is consistent with the methodology used for calculating the vesting outcomes for Performance Share Awards. The data presented in this chart accounts for the dual corporate structure of Rio Tinto. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 16 riotinto.com Strategic report Chief Financial Officer’s statement We remain committed to our capital framework, including our shareholder returns policy of paying 40% to 60% of underlying earnings, noting we now have a 10-year record of paying at the top of this range. Net cash generated from operating activities $ 16.8 billion (2024: $ 15.6 billion) Profit after tax attributable to owners of Rio Tinto (net earnings) $ 10.0 billion (2024: $ 11.6 billion) Underlying earnings $ 10.9 billion (2024: $ 10.9 billion) Stronger, sharper, simpler way of working Delivery in 2025 has been strong, as we grew our production by 8% and sales by 5% on a copper equivalent basis (based on consensus pricing). This was driven by the of the Oyu Tolgoi underground copper mine in Mongolia, record bauxite production and our recently acquired lithium business. We are reporting net cash generated from operating activities of $16.8 billion , underlying earnings of $10.9 billion and profit after tax attributable to owners of Rio Tinto of $10.0 billion . We ended the year with net debt at a comfortable level of $14.4 billion , following the Arcadium acquisition. We continue not to have a net debt target, but have a approach to anchor the balance sheet around a single A credit rating. Consistent and disciplined capital allocation The shape of our capital spend remains consistent: in 2025 our share of capital investment was $11.4 billion , driven by the rapid development of the Simandou iron ore project in Guinea. We invested around $4.5 billion for sustaining, $3.6 billion for replacement projects, $0.2 billion for decarbonisation and $3.2 billion for growth. We have a pathway to our 2030 target of a 50% reduction in net Scope 1 and 2 emissions, however this requires the timely completion of commercial discussions at our Pacific Aluminium Operations and delivery of the underlying renewable projects, which, if delayed, may ultimately impact our ability to meet our targets this decade. Our pathway is estimated to underwrite up to $8.5 billion of new, private renewable energy investment on competitive commercial terms. This is in addition to the $1-$2 billion of our own capital, which we have revised down from $5-$6 billion, due to the rephasing of spend on new emission reduction technologies as they continue to be assessed for industrial scale viability. We have a strong portfolio of development options, particularly copper and lithium, and will be highly disciplined in allocating capital to them. Leveraging our project delivery capabilities and lowering capital intensity remains a priority. Our financial strength means that we can reinvest for growth and continue to pay attractive dividends through the cycle. For 2025 we are returning 60% of underlying earnings to shareholders, which equates to a ordinary dividend of 402 US cents per share, or $ 6.5 billion. Value through financial discipline, productivity and growth Our mission is to be the most valued metals and mining company. As an organisation, we have become leaner and are maintaining a strong focus on productivity and efficiencies, which is expected to lower unit costs, increase volumes and further enhance our margins. We continue to drive efficiencies through our operational excellence program, the Safe Production System, targeting improvements in labour productivity, contractor management, raw material sourcing and reducing central expenditure. We have become sharper with our investment in digital solutions. We are strategically reviewing our Borates and Iron & Titanium businesses and simplified our early stage project portfolio where a compelling value pathway was not evident. This includes our decision to place the Jadar project in Serbia into care and maintenance. Our operational performance is on an upward trend, and strong cash flows are being generated by our existing business, which will be further boosted by the successful delivery of our committed growth projects. Peter Cunningham Chief Financial Officer 19 February 2026 Follow Peter on LinkedIn linkedin.com/in/peterlcunningham Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 17 riotinto.com Strategic report Financial review The Financial review and Business review for the year ended 31 December 2023 can be found on pages 24 to 29 and pages 32 to 39 respectively, of our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on 23 February 2024. Key financial highlights Year ended 31 December 2025 2024 Change Net cash generated from operating activities (US$ millions) 16,832 15,599 8% Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (US$ millions) 12,335 9,621 28% Free cash flow 1 (US$ millions) 4,025 5,553 (28%) Consolidated sales revenue (US$ millions) 57,638 53,658 7% Underlying EBITDA 1 (US$ millions) 25,363 23,314 9% Underlying earnings 1 (US$ millions) 10,868 10,867 –% Profit after tax attributable to owners of Rio Tinto (net earnings) (US$ millions) 9,966 11,552 (14%) Underlying earnings per share (EPS) 1 (US cents) 669.2 669.5 –% Ordinary dividend per share (US cents) 402 402 –% Underlying return on capital employed (ROCE) 1 16% 18% At 31 December 2025 At 31 December 2024 Net debt 1 (US$ millions) 14,362 5,491 162% 1. This financial performance indicator is a (as defined below) measure which is reconciled to directly comparable IFRS financial measures ( measures). It is used internally by management to assess the performance of the business and is therefore considered relevant to readers of this document. It is presented here to give more clarity around the underlying business performance of the Group’s operations. For more information on our use of financial measures in this report, see the section entitled “Alternative performance measures” (APMs) and the detailed reconciliations on pages 270 to 274 . Income Statement Financial results from our diversifying portfolio To provide additional insight into the performance of our business, we report underlying EBITDA and underlying earnings. Underlying EBITDA and underlying earnings are measures. For definitions and a detailed reconciliation of underlying EBITDA and underlying earnings to the nearest IFRS measures, see pages 171 , and 270 to 271 , respectively. The principal factors explaining the movements in underlying EBITDA are set out in this table. US$bn 2024 underlying EBITDA 23.3 Prices – Exchange rates 0.1 Volumes and mix 2.4 General inflation (0.5) Energy 0.1 Operating cash unit costs 0.3 Exploration and evaluation expenditure (net of profit from disposal of interests in undeveloped projects) 0.4 costs/other (0.6) Change in underlying EBITDA 2.0 2025 underlying EBITDA 25.4 Financial figures are rounded to the nearest $100 million, hence small differences may result in the totals. • Underlying EBITDA: increased by 9% to $25.4 billion , driven by a 5% uplift in sales volumes (on a copper equivalent, Rio Tinto share basis), diversifying portfolio and cost discipline. In conjunction with cost discipline, we achieved a 5% (2024 real terms) reduction in our operating unit costs. • Overall neutral impact of price movements reflects the growing importance of our diversified model: the 6% lower iron ore index price (FOB $/dmt) was offset by higher prices for bauxite, alumina, aluminium (net of tariff impact), copper and gold, demonstrating the resilience and value of our diversified portfolio through the commodity cycle. • Exchange rates $0.1 billion benefit: on average, the US dollar strengthened by 2% against the Australian and Canadian dollars, which was partially offset by exchange losses on revaluation of balance sheet items as the US dollar weakened towards the end of 2025. • Volumes and mix $2.4 billion benefit: demonstrates our strong foundation in operational excellence, with a 5% rise in sales volumes (on a copper equivalent, Rio Tinto share basis). • Uplift in volumes $2.9 billion: driven by a 12% uplift in consolidated copper shipments underpinned by a 61% increase in copper production at Oyu Tolgoi and increased gold grades and volumes, along with higher throughput at Escondida. We delivered a net 1% increase in Pilbara shipments (Rio Tinto consolidated basis), demonstrating our operational resilience following the four cyclones in Q1, the impact of which is disclosed separately. The volume uplift also reflected exceptional bauxite production underpinned by the Safe Production System (SPS). • Impact of cyclones in the Pilbara -$0.6 billion: the total impact to underlying EBITDA of the cyclones was -$0.7 billion (-$0.6 billion volume impact and cyclone recovery costs of -$0.1 billion). • Inflation net of energy prices -$0.4 billion impact: general inflation on our cost base of $0.5 billion was partly offset by the easing of diesel prices. • Improved operating cash unit costs net $0.3 billion: sharper focus on cost discipline. • Cash unit cost improvement $0.8 billion: was underpinned by enhanced cost efficiencies achieved on delivering higher copper, bauxite and alumina volumes, whilst maintaining strong cost discipline. • Temporary cash unit cost increases -$0.4 billion: refined copper production at Kennecott was 31% lower in 2025, due to the planned smelter shutdown and limited ore availability from geotechnical constraints until we gain access to higher grade ore in Slice 2 in 2027. 2024 was a strong comparative year with more refined production from the drawdown of inventory, following the smelter rebuild in 2023. IOC's cash unit costs were impacted by 1% lower production and reflected investment in mine pit health and operational stability. • Higher aluminium raw material prices -$0.1 billion: reflected increases in prices for coke and caustic, partially offset by alloys. • Cyclone recovery costs in the Pilbara -$0.1 billion: included repair and mitigation costs, supporting delivery of recovered volumes. • Exploration and evaluation $0.4 billion benefit: with Rincon costs being capitalised from 1 July 2024 and a $0.2 billion gain on sale of 30% interest in Winu. • costs/other -$0.6 billion impact: includes investment to reflect our growth and diversification ambition, including operating expenditure at Simandou as operations ramp up, funding of Nuton programs and Arcadium acquisition and integration costs. Furthermore, in 2024 we revised the closure discount rate from 2.0% to 2.5%, increasing underlying EBITDA by $0.2 billion, which did not recur in 2025. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 18 riotinto.com Strategic report | Financial review Net earnings The principal factors explaining the movements in underlying earnings and net earnings are set out below. Net earnings and underlying earnings refer to amounts attributable to the owners of Rio Tinto. The net profit attributable to the owners of Rio Tinto in 2025 was $10 billion (2024: $11.6 billion ). US$bn 2024 net earnings 11.6 Changes in underlying EBITDA (see above) 2.0 Increase in depreciation and amortisation ( ) in underlying earnings (0.6) Increase in interest and finance items ( ) in underlying earnings (0.2) Increase in tax on underlying earnings (1.0) Increase in underlying earnings attributable to outside interests (0.2) Total changes in underlying earnings – Changes in items excluded from underlying earnings (see below) (1.6) Movement in impairment charges net of reversals 0.3 Movement from consolidation and disposal of interests in businesses (0.9) Movement in closure estimates ( and fully impaired sites) (0.1) Movement in exchange differences and gains/losses on derivatives (0.6) Other (0.2) 2025 net earnings 10.0 Financial figures are rounded to the nearest $100 million, hence small differences may result in the totals. • Increase in depreciation -$0.6 billion : in line with of Oyu Tolgoi and inclusion of Arcadium since March. • Higher taxes -$1.0 billion : increased contribution from Escondida with an associated higher underlying tax rate. Additionally, some unrecognised deferred tax assets, disallowed costs and adjustments in respect of prior years around the Group, have driven the effective tax rate on underlying earnings to 31.5% (28.3% in 2024). • Higher finance items: reflecting an $8.9 billion increase in net debt in 2025 following the issuance of $9 billion of bonds to fund the acquisition of Arcadium and for general corporate purposes. Items excluded from underlying earnings The differences between underlying and net earnings are set out in this table (all numbers are after tax and exclude amounts attributable to interests). 2025 2024 Year ended 31 December US$bn US$bn Underlying earnings 10.9 10.9 Items excluded from underlying earnings Net gains on consolidation and disposal of interests in businesses – 0.9 Impairment charges net of reversals (0.2) (0.5) Foreign exchange and derivative gains/(losses) on net debt and intragroup balances and derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting (0.4) 0.2 Change in closure estimates ( and fully impaired sites) (0.2) (0.1) Other – 0.2 Total items excluded from underlying earnings (0.9) 0.7 Net earnings 10.0 11.6 Financial figures are rounded to the nearest $100 million, hence small differences may result in the totals. On page 271 there is a detailed reconciliation from net earnings to underlying earnings, including amounts and additional explanatory notes. The differences between profit after tax and underlying EBITDA are set out in the table on page 171 . • In 2025, there were no significant gains on consolidation and disposal of interests in businesses. In 2024, these totalled $0.9 billion, primarily related to a gain following the increase in ownership of Tiwai Point Smelter (NZAS), New Zealand, the sale of Sweetwater, a former uranium legacy site in Wyoming, US, and the sale of Dampier Salt’s Lake MacLeod operation in Western Australia. • Impairment charges net of reversals -$0.2 billion : mainly related to the tailings storage facility at the Yarwun alumina refinery, which was expected to reach capacity by 2031. We will curtail production by 40% from October 2026 to allow another four years to explore and develop technical solutions that could extend the refinery’s life, which resulted in an impairment charge in 2025. Refer to note 4 to the Financial Statements of our 2025 Annual Report for further details. In 2024, we recognised impairment charges net of reversals of $0.5 billion (after tax), mainly related to our alumina refinery Queensland Alumina Limited (QAL) . • Foreign exchange and derivative losses -$0.4 billion : includes losses on intragroup balances of $0.8 billion (2024: $0.6 billion gain) offset by gains on external net debt of $0.3 billion (2024: $0.4 billion loss), primarily as a result of the strengthening of the Australian dollar in 2025. Net earnings and underlying earnings refer to amounts attributable to the owners of Rio Tinto. Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 19 riotinto.com Strategic report | Financial review Underlying EBITDA by product group Underlying EBITDA 2025 2024 Change Year ended 31 December US$bn US$bn % Iron Ore 15.2 17.0 (11) % Aluminium & Lithium 4.6 3.6 29 % Copper 7.4 3.4 114 % Reportable segments total 27.1 24.0 13 % Simandou iron ore project (0.1) – 336 % Other operations 0.1 0.5 (90) % Central pension costs, payments, insurance and derivatives (0.1) 0.2 (148) % Restructuring, project and costs (0.6) (0.3) 139 % Other central costs (0.8) (0.8) – % Central exploration and evaluation (0.2) (0.2) (3) % Total 25.4 23.3 9 % Financial figures are rounded to the nearest $100 million, hence small differences may result in the totals and changes. Underlying EBITDA and underlying earnings are non- IFRS measures used by management to assess the performance of the business and provide additional information which investors may find useful. For more information on our use of financial measures in this report, see the section entitled "Alternative performance measures" (APMs) and the detailed reconciliations on pages 270 to 274 . Financial information has been recast in accordance with the organisational restructure announced on 27 August 2025. • Other Operations: includes Rio Tinto Iron & Titanium, Borates and Diamonds. Underlying EBITDA was lower YoY due to weaker demand for TiO 2 in 2025 and where 2024 included a insurance receipt ($0.2 billion). • Central pension costs, payments, insurance and derivatives netted to $0.1 billion: mainly associated with the premiums paid by the business to our captive insurers offset by insurance claim settlements and unrealised losses on derivatives ( vs gain in 2024). • Restructuring, project and costs $0.6 billion: YoY increase primarily in the first half, associated with the acquisition and integration of Arcadium. It also includes centrally funded research and development programs (expected to reduce in 2026 following rationalisation), and continued investment in technology and systems to drive further productivity. In the second half, we simplified and streamlined our operating model, resulting in a leaner Executive Committee (from 11 to 9) and senior management team (reduced roles by 22%). This resulted in restructuring costs in 2025, with the full benefit expected in 2026. • Other central costs $0.8 billion: central corporate costs were flat YoY, reflecting cost productivity improvements delivered on simplifying central functions, which offset inflationary pressures. • Central exploration and evaluation $0.2 billion : during 2025, we further prioritised our strong portfolio of exploration projects with activity in 15 countries across six commodities. This included simplifying the focus through decisions to cease exploration activity in Brazil and Finland and any lithium exploration projects without remaining commitments. Importantly, we advanced the drill program and early studies at the Nuevo Cobre project in Chile, in partnership with Codelco. Consistently strong cash flow generation with disciplined investment 2025 2024 Year ended 31 December US$bn US$bn Net cash generated from operating activities 16.8 15.6 Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (12.3) (9.6) Sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 0.1 – Lease principal payments (0.5) (0.5) Free cash flow¹ 4.0 5.6 Dividends paid to equity shareholders (6.1) (7.0) Acquisition of Arcadium (including acquired net debt) (7.6) – Net funding relating to Simandou (outside of free cash flow) 0.8 0.5 Funding received relating to the Nemaska project 0.2 – Other (0.1) (0.3) Movement in net debt¹ (8.9) (1.3) Financial figures are rounded to the nearest $100 million, hence small differences may result in the totals. • $16.8 billion of net cash generated from operating activities: reflecting the higher underlying EBITDA and a 66 % underlying EBITDA cash conversion rate, in line with 2024. There was a modest working capital cash outflow of $0.2 billion, including the impact of higher commodity prices in receivables. • $12.3 billion of purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets: comprised $4.1 billion of growth, $3.6 billion of replacement, $4.5 billion of sustaining and $0.2 billion of decarbonisation capital (in addition to $0.4 billion of decarbonisation operational expenditure). Our share of capital investment (see table below) was $11.4 billion. We continue to fund our capital program in accordance with our disciplined capital allocation framework. • $6.1 billion dividends paid: reflected payment of the 2024 final and the 2025 interim ordinary dividends. • $7.6 billion Arcadium acquisition: includes $6.3 billion paid to Arcadium's shareholders, $0.4 billion paid to their convertible loan note holders, consolidation of Arcadium's $0.7 billion net debt and $0.2 billion loaned by Rio Tinto to Arcadium prior to completion of the acquisition. Transaction costs have been expensed and are included in operating expenses and are part of operating cash flows. • $0.8 billion net inflow from Simandou funding: we received $1.3 billion from Chalco Iron Ore Holdings (CIOH) relating to CIOH's share of Simandou project expenditure. This was partly offset by $0.6 billion funding provided to Winning Consortium Simandou (WCS) rail and port entities. • $14.4 billion net debt 1 at 31 December 2025 : the above movements resulted in an increase in net debt¹ of $8.9 billion in 2025. 1. This financial performance indicator is a (as defined below) measure which is reconciled to directly comparable IFRS financial measures ( measures). It is used internally by management to assess the performance of the business and is therefore considered relevant to readers of this document. It is presented here to give more clarity around the underlying business performance of the Group’s operations. For more information on our use of financial measures in this report, see the section entitled “Alternative performance measures” (APMs) and the detailed reconciliations on pages 270 to 274 . Annual Report on Form 20-F 2025 20 riotinto.com Strategic report | Financial review Year ended 31 December 2025 US$m 2024 US$m⁽ᶜ⁾ Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 12,335 9,621 Less: Sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible 

[truncated]