Across The Markets: Bodycote, Vanquis Bank, Berkeley Homes 2025-03-14 08:46:01 (1 year ago) Related Companies: Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) , Bodycote (BOY) , Vanquis Banking Group 20 (VANQ) Bodycote The thermal processing service Bodycote has this morning updated the market with full year results , noting improved margins and profits despite a fall in headline revenues. Management do highlight continued supply chain disruption and softer demand from the automotive and industrial sectors, with defence and aerospace remaining strong, but there’s an air of having to batten down the hatches and ride out the storm in the short term. The Bodycote share price was down 12% shortly after the open. Vanquis Bank The non-prime lender Vanquis Bank published its full year results this morning, with management noting that 2024 had been a pivotal year for the company. Income was down, impairment charges were up – in part owing to vehicle finance claims - and the update also highlights significant growth in unmerited claims being attempted against the company, incurring a 50% increase in fees paid to the Ombudsman. That pushed statutory losses for the year to £136m from £12m in the comparative. The Vanquis share price is down 15% in early trade on Friday. Berkeley Homes The housebuilder Berkeley published a trading statement today which reaffirmed previous guidance and despite setting a cautious tone over how the new Building Safe Levy may impact the company’s ability to build new homes going forward, the fact profits over the next two years are expected to come in just below £1bn appears to have placated investors. There’s also strong interest from buyers although management add that greater confidence in the interest rate trajectory would be useful. The Berkeley share price was up 1.8% at 8.30am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Half-year Financial Report - - Atlantic Lithium Limited NPV (DI) (ALL) Jackson-31 Flow Testing and Gas Sampling Analysis - - Helium One Group Ltd (DI) (HE1) Trading Statement - - Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 29 minutes ago Greggs 30 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and