THURSDAY

Bodycote

Bala)
a)
Annual

J 2023"

Bodycote pic

MiMLAn

01/06/2023 #79
COMPANIES HOUSE

eport Governance

Financial staternents | | Additional information

Contents

Strategic report

01
02
04
06
08
10
an

4
15
16
18
19

20
22
24
25
28
33
34
35
at

Understanding Bodycote
Our markets and technologies
Our global network
Highlights

The investment case
Chair's statement

Chief Executive's review
Strategy and objectives
Our business model
Measuring progress

Our stakeholders

A component journey ~ Catching
the waves

Section 172 statement
Business review

A component journey - Tight seal
Chief Financial Officer's report
Principal risks and uncertainties
Viability statement

A component journey ~ Stee bite
Sustainability report

A component journey ~ Strong winds

Governance

46 Board of Directors

48 Corporate governance statement

87 Directors’ report

59 Report of the Nomination Committee
63 Report of the Audit Committee

: 68 Board report on remuneration

83. Directors’ responsibilities statement

ancial statements
: 84 Independent auditors’ report
92 Consolidated income statement

: 93 Consolidated balance sheet
94 Consolidated cash flow statement

95 Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

: 96 Group accounting policies

104. Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

136 Company balance sheet
137 Company statement of changes in equity
138 Company accounting policies

141 Notes to the company
financial statements

: Additional information
2 145 Five-year summary (unaudited)

} 146 Alternative performance measures
{APMs) ~ unaudited

149 Subsidiary undertakings
152 Shareholder enquiries

5 484 Company information

Graphic removed

www.bodycote.com/investors
for more information

In preparing this Strategic report, the Directors
have compked with s414C of the Compaies
‘Act 2006

‘This Strategic report has been prepared for the
Groupas a whole and therefore gives greater
emphasis to those mat:ers which are significant
to Badycote plo and is subsidiary undertakings
when viewed as a whole

Bodycote ple annual report 2022

| | |
Strategic report | Governance | Finance! streronts | Adaitional information
L - ' fu - —

Understanding Bodycote

Bodycote is the world’s leading : Driving performance
provider of thermal processing | with our Core Values
services. As the partner of Honesty and Transparency
choice for many of the world’s

most respected manufacturing
companies, our purpose is

to provide a vital link in the :
manufacturing process that makes |
the products our customers :
manufacture fit for purpose.

Image removed

Our breadth of solutions across
multiple technologies creates
value through superior customer Respect and Responsibility
service for our Customers across:

aerospace, defence, energy, i
automotive and general industrial
markets. Our unique business
model, expertise and global
infrastructure mean we can adapt
to our many customers’ needs
and continue to deliver long-term
success for our shareholders and
other stakeholders.

Image removed

@) Creating Value

Image removed

Page 35 for more irformation

Bodycote ple annual report 2022

shareholders,

Understanding Bodycote

Our markets

Bodycote offers materials solutions for virtually every market sector, providing
expertise across Classical heat treatment and specialist thermal processes.
Bodycote addresses the markets we serve with our superior levels of service
and unmatched ability to satisfy customers’ needs. Bodycote supports many
market sectors; however, we categorise our business into three major groups:

Aerospace and Defence

General Industrial
(including Energy)

Image removed

‘The aerospace market 's highly complex;
we primarily treat engine components and
landing gear that rely on our solutions to
improve performance. Our services provide
thermal processing solutions across a

wide range of applications which include
commercial, business and military aircratt

Bodycote operates an international network
of quality accredited facilities supporting
prime gerospace manufacturers and their
supply chains.

Image removed

Image removed

Focused on key components in the car,

} light truck, heavy truck and bus markets,
} thermal processing delivers greater strength
} and durability.

} Bodycote has developed strategic
E partnerships with major automotive Original
: Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and their

supply chains by offering comprehensive
thermal processing support on a global basis

! We serve a vast range of customers across

multiple industry segments in our General
Industrial business. These customers range

} from industrial machinery to agricultural
} equiprnent, industrial gas turbin
: generation, wind turbines, oi! &
: components, construction, electronics
: and medical equipment

power

? Our success in these markets is due to
E our local plant networks, combined with

2 superior customer service, using the breadth
E of processes available within Bodycote and

} extensive technical resources allowing for

the development of cost-effective solutions
for our customers.

Bodycote pic annual report 2022

Governance

! Financial statements

: | Assinar formation

Our technologies

Bodycote’s purpose is to support our customers in producing superior
components. Our thermal processing services encompass a variety of heat
treatment techniques and specialist technologies that improve the properties

of metals and alloys and extend the life of components. Bodycote addresses
the markets we serve with our exceptional service levels and unmatched ability
to satisfy customers’ needs.

Classical Heat Treatment : Specialist Technologies

Classical Heat Treatment is the process of
controlled heating and cooling of metals in

and metallurgical properties during
the manufacturing of a product.

Classical Heat Treatment is an
indispensable set of processes
within the manufacturing

chain of most of the products
used in daily life. By providing
wear resistance, strength or
toughness, depending on the
application, the components
we treat last longer, reduce
downtime and increase the
lifespan of the products our
customers manufacture,
improving the sustainability of
their products. Surface hardness
can be controlled by diffusing
elements such as carbon and
nitrogen into the metal during
the heating stages of the
process. The heat treatment of
products impacts human life
every day, whether it's a vehicle
seat belt buckle to ensure

that it keeps the passenger

safe during an accident or a
turbine blade bringing power to
your neighbourhood

Product life is extended by
accurately treating products,

industrial furnaces which can
heat up to temperatures above
1000°C and use quenchants like
oil, water or nitrogen gas to cool
the heated material. During the
process, the microstructure of
the metal transforms, resulting
in the hardening or softening of
the material depending on the
process. Engineers can design
thinner, lighter, but stronger
components with the help

of Classical Heat Treatment.
The extended life of our
customers’ products positively
impacts the environment by
reducing their carbon footprint

Image removed

Bodycote ple annual report 2022

: Our Specialist Technologies business is a
: selection of highly differentiated, early-stage
order to obtain the desired mechanical, chemical !

processes with high margins, significant market

: HIP PF inc. Powdermet®

} Additive manufacturing of

£ often complex components by
} combining with HIP.

: Specialty Stainless Steel (S*P)
: Processes

E Improves the strength, hardness
: and wear resistance of stainless
: steel, Standard heat treatments

: negatively impact the corrosion

} resistance of stainless steel, but
} our proprietary S*P process can

E provide dramatically improved

: material properties while

: maintaining corrosion resistance.

: opportunities and solid growth prospects

: Our Specialist Technologies are generally lower

: carbon-emitting and, therefore, better for the

: environment. Bodycote is either the clear market

carried out in precisely controlled

: leader or one of the top players among a small
= number of competitors
: Hot Isostatic Pressing

: (HIP) Services

: Improves component integrity

: and strength by application of

: extreme pressure and heat

Surface Technology
Enhances component life
using ceramic and ceramic/
metal coatings.

Low Pressure Carburising
(LPC)

Obtains @ hardened surface
and a tough core under vacuum
using a cleaner process than
atmospheric carburising,
providing improved wear
resistance and fatigue life with
less distortion

Corr-1-Dur® (CiD)

Improves corrosion resistance
and wear properties and is
primarily used as a sustainable
substitute for hard chrome.

Image removed

! Governance j Financial staternents Additional information

Understanding Bodycote
Our global network

Delivering quality through our international
network of facilities.

Bodycote offers significant advantages to our customers
as the only global thermal processing service provider.
Through an international network of facilities, Bodycote
can effectively utilisé a wealth of knowledge, experience
and specialist expertise to deliver quality service when
and where it is needed

The network operates from more than 165 facilities, with customers benefitting from
Bodycote’s comprehensive range of services across multiple locations. Customers know
that if their business expands, Bodycote will have the capability to meet their needs
They recognise that if they broaden their manufacturing footprint, Bodycote will assist
them. They know that they can obtain the same process to the same quality standards
from multiple locations. Customers understand that Bodycote can operate ts facilities,
more efficiently and reduce their overall impact on the environment, assisting them in
achieving climate change targets.

venue by geography

Graphic removed

Such an extensive network brings economies of scale, with technology developed at
one location being available globally if the market requires it. Similarly, network utilisation
is enhanced by using logistics to put customers’ work into the most effective facility

to meet their requirements Moreover, the network allows Bodycote to specialise in
fewer technologies per location, reducing complexity and increasing the efficiency of
our operations.

7 |

Revenue by market sector

i :
4,933'

employees

The Bodycote network has wealth of technical accreditations, some industry- or
customer-specific, others more general. Indvvidual operations concentrate on the

accreditations suited to their market.

i
>40,000

: customers Graphic removed

>165 22 |

: facilities : countries

1 Atyearend 2022

4 Bodycote ple annual report 2022

1
Governance Financia’ statements

Ji

Additional information

! Bodycote has facilities across our Emerging
: Markets, covering astern Europe, China and
: Mexico. Bodycote is the number one thermal
! processing provider in Eastern Europe and is
: the leading Western provider in China.

Bodycote 's the largest provider of thermal
procossing services in North America by Curope arid iy Wie nurnber one provider of
a significant margin with comprehensive ? thermal processing services, with by far
network coverage. This network offers more : the largest network and comprehensive
than 55 facilities convenient to customers in} service offering with facilities near major
all areas where manufacturing and technical industrial hubs

industries are concentrated.

Bodycote operates facilities across Western

Graphic removed Graphic removed

Emerging Markets

Graphic removed

>55 1,602

facilities employees

>80 2,297

: facilities employees

»>25

facilities

1,034

employees

Graphic removed

Bodycote ple annual report 2022

Understanding Bodycote
Highlights

Financial summary

2022 2021
Revenue £743.6m £615.8m
Headline operating profit’ £112.2m £94.8m
Headline operating margin’ 15.1% 15.4%
Free cash flow £84.0m £105.0m
Basic headline earnings per share’? 42.7p 35 8p
Ordinary dividend per share 21.3p 20.0p
Return on capital employed’ _ _ 13.3% 12.0%
Additional statutory measures
Operating profit £102.0m £83.8m
Profit after tax £74.3m £60.0m
Net cash generated from operating activities: £142.9m £144.3m
Basic earnings per share _ - 38.6p 31.2p

Financial performance

£743.6m £112.2m 42.70  £142.9m

Revenues up 20.8% Headline operating Headline EPS Net cash generated
profit up 18% up 19% from operating act

Key Achievements

— Permanent price increases fully recovered labour and general cost inflation

— Nil margin surcharges completely recovered energy cost inflation in H2 (shortfall of £5m in H1)
— Headline operating margin of 15.1%; 16.1% excluding the dilution effect of energy surcharges

— Good momentum in higher growth markets. Growth? excluding surcharges well above
background demand:

— Specialist Technologies up 14%
~ Emerging Markets up 16%
- Civil aerospace up 19%
~ Final ordinary dividend 14.9p, total year 21.3p (2021: 20.0p)

nce measures under the European Secures and

Its excluding certain tems These are deemed alternate per
ciation to the nearest IFRS equivatont

ted financial statemen’

The headline perform:
Markets Authonty gu

A detailed EPS
At constant currency

6 Bodycote ple annual report 2022

|

i
Graphic removed : Graphic removed

Graphic removed Graphic removed

Graphic removed Graphic removed

Bodycote ple annual report 2022 7

Understanding Bodycote
The investment case
We provide expertise in heat treatment and

specialist thermal processes across a wide
variety of markets.

Bodycote is the world’s Business is resilient in a Significant barriers to entry Consistently strong margins
number 1 service provider of downturn due to a mixture of in Specialist Technologies, and excellent free cash
heat treatment and specialist improvement in business quality, | Emerging Markets and flow generation

thermal processing flexibility of the workforce, civil aerospace
diversity of endmarkets
and geographic spread

Experienced
management Specialist Technologies
team with a clear with high margins and high
strategy and proven growth rates will become
track record of execution a larger portion of the Group
and delivery

Superior growth
opportunities in
Emerging Markets and
secular growth markets
of civil aerospace and
electric vehicles

Highly cash
generative business
funding both investment
and cash returns

to shareholders

logo removed

Plentiful
investment
opportunities to drive
margins and returns

Strong balance sheet

An integral part
of the solution
to reduce
global emissions

Bodycote ple annuat report 2022

Governance

| Financial statements

| | Adettonal informaron |

Key investment strengths

Experienced management team with
a strategy in place to further enhance
margins and growth through:

— Increasing the size of our Specialist
Technologies business with its superior
margins, higher growth characteristics and
lower emissions

— Investment in development and localisation
opportunities in Emerging Markets

— Investment in secular growth end-markets
of civil aerospace and electric vehicles

— Improving the mix of the Classical Heat
Treatment business

— Proactive approach on ESG and sustainability

— Investment in acquisitions and
greenfield sites

— Strategy that can accommodate widely
differing market outcomes

c.£335m

invested in capacity growth
in last five years

>£265m

returned to shareholders
in last five years

Bodycote ple annual report 2022

: What you can expect?

: Higher growth markets of 7
: Specialist Technologies, Emerging
: Markets and clvil aerospace

! already constitute more than half
} of the Group revenues and more

: than 60% of the Group’s headline

! operating profit — these higher
margin and growth opportunities are
xpected to continue to outperform
the organic developed Classical Heat
: Treatment business

: Classical Heat Treatment should
: perform ahead of markets, driven by.

} = Increasing demand for improved
= materials and quality

} — Additional outsourcing as customers
understand that Bodycote is part of

the solution to reducing their impact |
on climate change

! Continued selected acquisitions
2 =5 key acquisitions in the last
five years

II. on top of underlying Industrial
roduction growth

Image removed

Image removed

Image removed

Image removed

Governance |

Financial statements

Additional information

|
Image removed

Introduction

The Group's good progress in 2022 was achieved amid another year
of uncertainty, notably due to COVID-19 and the impact on eneray
prices of Russie’s invasion of Ukraine. Prompt management actions
taken on a local level across the business secured profitability amidst
these challenges.

Dividend

The Board is proposing a final dividend of 14.9p, an increase of 8%,
which will be paid on 2 June 2023, subject to shareholder approval

at the 2023 Annual General Meeting (GMI. This would bring the
total ordinary dividend for 2022 to 21.3p (2021: 20 Op), a year-on-year
Increase of 7%, returning £40.6m to shareholders

Board and governance

As Chair of the Board, | continue to seek to maintain high governance
standards. Appropriate corporate governance allows us to enhance
the business performance that underpins the execution of our
strategy. | am confident that the Bodycote Board remains well
positioned to meet our governance duties.

This year we undertook significant work with both Senior
Management and the Board to challenge the Group's strategy

to ensure that it remains sustainable under various future scenarios.
The robust strategy that management have put in place enables the
Group to thrive in the face of challenges and volatility.

We took the opportunity throughout 2022 to continue educating the
Board about ESG topics and were able to physically visit facilities
again after the enforced pandemic break. This helps the Board to
understand the markets and customers we address as well as to
assess Bodycote’s competitive position. Further to the Board visits,
| took the opportunity to visit several of our facilities and see our
strategy in action.

| was pleased to welcome Cynthia Gordon to the Board in June 2022
as another well-qualified member. Respecting and benefitting from
the Directors’ diverse backgrounds helps to make us stronger and
more effective as a Board. We will continue to refresh the Board

as Directors reach the end of their terms and we are committed

to increasing the representation of women and ethnically diverse
candidates over time

Succession planning for our Executive Team is also one of the key
responsibilities of the Board. | would like to take this opportunity to
thank Dominique Yates, who has served as a Group Director and CFO
since 2016 and will retire from the Board and the business in April
2023; his contributions have been much appreciated

10

MM Bodycote is primarily a service
business, reliant on its people at all levels.
Bodycote has exceptional people who
understand the needs of our customers
and are committed to delivering
outstanding performance.

D. Dayan
Chair

| look forward to working with Ben Fidler, who has already joined the
Group, and will assume Dominique’s responsibilities.

People

Our colleagues across the organisation continue to impress me; they

deliver outstanding results and unmatched customer service in this
industry. Our people live by our core values every day, respecting

} each other and our stakeholders to ensure we meet the needs of our
: customers. In this service business, Bodycote relies on its people at
? all levels, and we have outstanding colleagues who understand the

} business and are committed to exceptional performance. The Group
: places great importance on ensuring the safety and wellbeing for all

Bodycote employees and performed strongly in this area during the
year. The Board is highly engaged with business leaders and regularly
receives business updates. The Board engaged with employees around
the world on subjects pertinent to the business, including meetings
with Employee Engagement Groups, reviewing the Group's strategy
and supporting the enhanced programme to combat climate change.

Sustainability

! In 2022 Bodycote continued to strengthen its efforts to combat

climate change. The Board is pleased that the Science Based Target

: initiative (SBTi) accepted our significant carbon emission reduction

: targets. Our commitment to sustainability underpins our strategy

} and is a key objective of the Executive Committee and the Board

: Our progress is measured by metrics and an annual scorecard,

! which you can see in our Sustainability report page 35. We have

} set ambitious but realistic goals based on clear and specific projects

identified by the leadership team and approved by the Board. We are
on track to meet our commitments, supported by significant climate-
related investments in 2023 and beyond

Shareholders

In 2022, | had the opportunity to meet and talk with many of our main
shareholders, The Board appreciates their support and takes their
views into account along with those of other stakeholders during

our deliberations. | look forward to further opportunities to meet

with shareholders in 2023

: Summary
: Lam confident that Bodycote will continue to perform well and
E deliver value to our customers, shareholders and employees.

D. Dayan
Chair
17 March 2023

Bodycote plc annual report 2022