Logo Removed

Logo Removed

~ f avant

*AD4ALSQO*
at 31/05/2024 #221
COMPANIES HOUSE

Annual
Report
2023

Bodycote plc

Strategic report Governance
Contents

Strategic report

Understanding Bodycote
Our markets

Our global network
Highlights
8 The investment proposition
10 Chair's statement
11. Chief Executive's review
14 Strategy and objectives
15 Our business model
16 Measuring progress; our KPIs
18 Our stakeholders

19 Acomponent journey
On solid foundations -
Transmission shafts

1

2

3 Our technologies
ra 4

6

20 Compliance with Directors’ duties

___. Section 172 sta
21° Section 172 cros:
22 Business review

24 Acomponent journey

Rock solid - Drill bits
25 Chief Financial Officer's report
28 Principal risks and uncertainties
33. Viability statement

34 Acomponent journey
Touch down - Landing gear

35 Sustainability report
43 TCFD report

53 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

Financial statements Additional information

: Governance

54 Board of Directors

! 66 Corporate governance statement

! 65 Directors’ report
Report of the Nomination Committee
Report of the Audit Committee

: Directors’ report on femuneration
Directors’ responsibilities statement .

inancial statements

93 Independent auditors’ report
100 Consolidated income statement

: 100 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

} 101 Consolidated balance sheet
| 102 Consolidated cash flow statement

: 103 Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

104 Group accounting policies

111 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

442 Company balance sheet

143 Company statement of changes
in equity

144 Company accounting poli

147 Notes to the Company
financial statements

ies

} Additional information

: 151 Five-year summary (uns

: 152 Alternative performance measures
(APMs) - unaudited

£155 Subsidiary undertakings
} 158 Shareholder enquiries

160 Company information

Image Removed

Graphic
Removed

www.bodycote.com/investors
for more information
In preparing this Strategie reper,

the Directors have complied with
8414C of the Companies Act 2006.

Image Removed

This Strategic report has been prepared
for the Group as a whole and therefore
ives greater emphasis to those matters
‘which are significant to Bodycote pic
‘and its subsidiary undertakings when
viewed as a whole.

Graphic
Removed

Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information

Understanding Bodycote

Bodycote is the world’s leading : Driving performance

provider of thermal processing : with our Core Values
services. As the partner of choice © Tone
for many of the world’s most | [Removes] Honesty and Transparency

respected manufacturing companies,
our purpose is to provide a vital link

in the manufacturing process that :
makes the products our customers ; image Removed
manufacture fit for purpose. :

Our breadth of solutions across
multiple technologies creates

i : We cultivate tt Qf tr y, where he sty and integrity
value through superior customer | are the foundation of our business and our relationships. Tust is at
service for our customers across : the heart of everything we do
aerospace, defence, energy, :
automotive and general industrial | | Graptie

Removes] Respect and Responsibility

markets. Our unique business model,

expertise and global infrastructure

mean we can adapt to our customers’
needs and continue to deliver long- ;
term success for our shareholders : Image Removed
and other stakeholders.

We behave individually and collectively with respect for each other,
‘our stakeholders and the environment, conducting business
responsibly, taking ownership of our actions.

Graphic

Removed] Creating Value

Image Removed

We create value for our employees, customers and shareholders,
and this is the very essence of Bodycote.

+ Page 35 for more information

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023

Strategic report Governance

Financial statements

Understanding Bodycote

Our markets

Additional information

Bodycote offers materials solutions for virtually every market sector, providing
expertise across classical heat treatment and specialist thermal processes.
Bodycote supports many market sectors; however, we categorise our business

into three major groups:

Graphic
Removed

Aerospace and Defence

Graphic
Removed

Automotive

Graphic
Removed

General Industrial
(including Energy)

Image Removed

Image Removed

Image Removed

The aerospace market is highly complex

and requires significant technical expertise.
Within this market we primarily provide
thermal processing solutions for engine
components, which often undergo extremely
challenging operating conditions, as well as
landing gear and other aircraft components.
We provide these solutions across various
applications, including commercial, business
and military aircratt.

Bodycote operates an international network
of quality accredited facilities supporting
prime aerospace manufacturers and their
supply chains.

} Focused on key components in the car,
light truck, heavy truck and bus markets,

! thermal processing delivers greater strength

! and durability

} Bodycote has developed strategic

partnerships with major automotive Original
} Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and their
} supply chains by offering comprehensive

} thermal processing support on a global basis.

! We serve a vast range of customers across
} multiple industry segments in our General
} Industrial business. These customers span

markets including power generation, tooling,
industrial gas turbines, medical equipment,
electronics, agriculture, industrial machinery,

! construction and oil & gas components.

! Our success in these markets is due to

} the breadth of processes available within

: Bodycote and our extensive technical

! resources, combined with our local plant

: network and superior customer service,

} allowing for the development of cost-effective
} solutions for our customers.

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023

Strategic report Governance

Financial statements Additional information

Our technologies

Bodycote’s purpose is to support our customers in producing superior
components. Our thermal processing services encompass a variety of

heat treatment techniques and specialist technologies that extend the life

of components. Bodycote addresses the markets we serve with our
exceptional service levels and unmatched ability to satisfy customers’ needs.

Classical Heat Treatment

Classical Heat Treatment is the process

of controlled heating and cooling of metals
to obtain the desired mechanical, chemical
and metallurgical properties during the
manufacturing of a product.

Product life is extended by
accurately treating products,
carried out in precisely controlled
industrial furnaces that can heat
to temperatures above 1000°C
and use quenchants like oil,
water or nitrogen gas to cool
the heated material. During the
process, the microstructure of
the metal transforms, resulting
in the hardening or softening

of the material depending on the
process. Engineers can design
thinner, lighter, but stronger
components with the help

of Classical Heat Treatment.

The extended life of our
customers’ products positively
impacts the environment by
reducing their carbon footprint.

Specialist Technologies

We provide an indispensable
set of processes within the
manufacturing chain of most of
the products used in daily life.
By providing wear resistance,
strength or toughness,
depending on the application,
the components we treat last
longer, reduce downtime,
increase the lifespan of the
products our customers
manufacture and improve the
sustainability of their products.
Surface hardness can be
controlled by diffusing elements
such as carbon and nitrogen into
the metal during the heating
stages of the process. The heat
treatment of products impacts
daily life, whether it’s a vehicle
seatbelt buckle to ensure that
it keeps the passenger safe
during an accident or a turbine
blade bringing power to your
neighbourhood.

Hot Isostatic Pressing

HIP) Services

improves component integrity
ind strength by application of
: extreme pressure and heat.

} HIP PF including Powdermet®
Additive manufacturing of

sften complex components
by combining with HIP

Specialty Stainless Steel

} Processes (SP)

Improves the strength, hardness
ind wear resistance of stainless
tel. Standard heat treatments
negatively impact the corrosion

} resistance of stainless steel,

: but our proprietary S°P processes
} can provide dramatically improved
} material properties while

: maintaining corrosion resistance.

: Our Specialist Technologies business is a

: selection of highly differentiated, early-stage

: processes with high margins, significant market
: Opportunities and appealing growth prospects.

: Our Specialist Technologies generally emit lower
carbon emissions and, therefore, are better for
he environment. Bodycote is either the clear
market leader or one of the top players among

a small number of competitors.

Surface Technology
Enhances component life using
ceramic and metal coatings.

Low Pressure Carburising (LPC)
Obtains a hardened surface

and a tough core under

vacuum using a cleaner process
than atmospheric carburising,
providing improved wear
resistance and fatigue life

with less distortion.

Corr-1-Dur? (CiD)

Improves corrosion resistance
and wear properties and is
primarily used as a sustainable
substitute for hard chrome.

Image Removed

Image Removed

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023

Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information

Understanding Bodycote
Our global network

Delivering quality through our international network of facilities.

Bodycote offers significant advantages to our customers
as the only global thermal processing service provider.
Through an international-network of facilities, Bodycote can
effectively utilise a wealth of knowledge, experience and
specialist expertise to deliver quality service when and
where it is needed.

The network operates from more than 165 facilities, with customers benefitting from
Bodycote’s comprehensive range of services across multiple locations. Customers know
that if their business expands, Bodycote will have the capability to meet their needs.
They recognise that if they broaden their manufacturing footprint, Bodycote will assist
them. They know that they can obtain the same process at the same quality standards
from multiple locations. Customers understand that Bodycote can operate its facili
more efficiently and reduce their overall impact on the environment, assisting them in
achieving climate impact targets

Such an extensive network brings economies of scale, with technology developed at
one location being available globally if the market requires it. Similarly, network utilisation
is enhanced by using logistics to put customers’ work into the most effective facility to
meet their requirements. Moreover, the network allows Bodycote to specialise in fewer
technologies per location, reducing complexity, increasing efficiency and reducing the
carbon footprint of our operations.

The Bodycote network has a wealth of technical accreditations, some industry-

or customerspecific, others more general. Individual operations concentrate on the
accreditations suited to their market.

Graphic | Graphic
Removed + | Removed
40,000 4833)
: > 1 ivy
customers : employees
Graphic : Graphic
Removed | 1 | Removed
: facilities countries
1 At year end 2023.

4

Revenue by geography

Chart Removed

Revenue by market sector

Chant Removed

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023,

Strategic report Governance

North America

Bodycote is the largest provider of thermal
processing services in North America

with comprehensive network coverage.
This network offers more than 56 facilities
convenient to customers in all areas where
manufacturing and technical industries

are concentrated.

Financial statements

Westem Europe

: Bodycote operates facilities across Western

} Europe and is the number one provider of

: thermal processing services, with the largest
network and comprehensive service offering

: with facilities near major industrial hubs.

Adsitional information

Emerging Markets

! Bodycote has facilities across our Emerging
Markets, covering Eastern Europe, China and
Mexico. Bodycote is the number one thermal
! processing provider in Eastern Europe and is
} the leading Western provider in China.

Chart Removed

Chart Removed

Chart Removed

>55

cilities

1,545

employees

>80

facilities

2,284

employees

525

: facilities

1,004

employees

Graphic Removed

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023,

Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information

Understanding Bodycote
Highlights

Highlights

Financial summary

2023 2022
Revenue £802.5m £743.6m
Headline operating profit’ £127.6m £112.2m
Headline operating margin’ 15.9% 15.1%
Headline operating margin excluding surcharges! 173% 16.1%
Free cash flow’ £122.5m £84.0m
Basic headline earnings per share’? 48.4p 42.7p
Full year dividend per share 22.7p 21.3p
Return on capital employed’ 14.8% 13.3%
Additional statutory measures

2023 2022
Operating profit £119.2m £102.0m
Operating profit margin 14.9% 13.7%
Profit after tax £86.8m £74.3m
Net cash generated from operating activities £191.6m £142.9m
Basic earnings per share 45.1p 38.6p

Financial performance

Revenue up 8% to £802.5m. Growth of 6% excluding energy-related surcharges

Headline operating profit of £127.6m, 17% higher at constant currency

Headline operating margin of 15.9%, up 80bps; 17.3% excluding surcharge revenue, up 120bps
Headline EPS'? growth of 13% to 48.4p

Return on capital employed' up 150bps to 14.8%

Free cash flow improved by £38.5m to £122.5m'

Full year dividend per share of 22.7p, up 7%, 36-year record of growing or maintaining the dividend

Key achievements

1

2
3

Revenue growth led by Specialist Technologies, up 12% excluding surcharges?

Strong performance in aerospace, oil & gas and medical markets

4% reduction in absolute energy consumption, notwithstanding 8% revenue growth

Significant margin improvement; on track to achieve margins in excess of 20% over the medium term
Returned to historical levels of free cash flow conversion’ of over 90%

Disciplined capital allocation resulting in the £52m acquisition of Lake City in January 2024 and
a £60m share buyback commencing 15 March 2024

Delivering successfully on all strategic focus areas

‘The headline performance measures represent the statutory results excluding certain items. These are deemed alternative performance measures under the European Securities and Markets
Authority guidelines. Please refer to page 152 for a reconciliation to the nearest IFRS equivalent.

‘A detailed EPS reconciliation is provided in note 8 of the consolidated financial statements,
‘At constant currency.

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023

Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information

Financial highlights

Chart Removed : Chart Removed

Chart Removed Chart Removed

Chart Removed Chart Removed

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023

Financial statements Additional information

Strategic report Governance

Understanding Bodycote
The investment proposition

We provide expertise in heat treatment and specialist thermal
processes across a wide variety of markets. We aim to create
sustainable value for all our stakeholders, whether investors,
customers, employees or the communities where we operate.

Scale and expertise as the
world’s number one service
provider of heat treatment and
specialist thermal processing

Business resilience to a
downturn derived from flexibility
of the workforce, diversity

of end-markets, continuous
improvements in business
quality and geographic spread

Significant barriers to entry
in Specialist Technologies,
Emerging Markets and

civil aerospace

Consistently strong margins
and excellent free cash
flow generation

Superior growth
opportunities
in Emerging Markets and

Highly cash-
generative business

funding both investment
and cash returns
to shareholders

secular growth markets
of civil aerospace,
electric vehicles, and

medical products

Disciplined
capital allocation
focused on investing in the
business and returning capital
to shareholders

Plentiful investment
opportunities to drive
margins and returns

Logo and Image
Removed

Strong balance sheet
providing options to
drive shareholder value

Specialist Technologies
with high margins and high
growth rates will become

a larger portion of the Group

Low-carbon
market opportunity
a major enabler of
Scope 4 avoided
emissions for customers
through outsourcing

8 Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023

Strategic report Governance

Key investment strengths

A strategy in place to further enhance margins
and growth through:

Increasing the size of our Specialist
Technologies business with its superior
margins, higher growth characteristics

and lower emissions

Investment in development and localisation
opportunities in Emerging Markets
Investment in secular growth end-markets
of civil aerospace and electric vehicles
Improving the mix of the Classical Heat
Treatment business

Proactive approach to ESG and sustainability

Investment in acquisitions and
greenfield sites

Strategy that can accommodate widely
differing market outcomes

>£310m

invested in capacity growth
in last five years

>£225m

returned to shareholders
in last five years

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023

Financial statements Additional information

: What you can expect

! Higher growth markets of Specialist
! Technologies, Emerging Markets and
: civil aerospace already constitute

! more than half of the Group

} revenues and more than 60% of the
: Group's headline operating profit

t= These higher margin and growth
opportunities are expected to continue
to outperform the Classical Heat
Treatment business

: Classical Heat Treatment should
} perform ahead of markets, driven by’

! = Increasing demand for improved
materials and quality

~ Additional outsourcing as customers
understand that Bodycote is part of
the solution to reducing their
carbon emissions

: Continued selected acquisitions

: — Four key acquisitions in the last
five years

} All on top of underlying industrial
: production growth

Strategic report Governance

Chair's statement

Image Removed

Financial statements

Additional information

MA Bodycote is a service business,
reliant on its people at all levels.

The Group has exceptional people
who understand the needs of our
customers and are committed to
delivering outstanding performance
for them and for our shareholders. FY

D. Dayan
Chair

Overview

1am pleased with Bodycote’s performance in 2023, which delivered
further strong growth in revenue, profitability and cash flow.

Our Executive team has made significant strides in delivering our
strategic objectives and generating value for all our stakeholders.

Since the year end, we successfully closed the acquisition of Lake City,
strengthening further our Specialist Technologies offering. Appointing 2
new Group Chief Executive to succeed Stephen Harris after his
successful 15 years leading Bodycote was a very significant step, and
the Board is delighted Jim Fairbairn has joined us in March 2024 to
continue the positive developments that have marked Stephen's tenure.

Dividend and shareholder retums

The Board is proposing a final dividend of 16.0 pence per share, an
increase of 7%, to be paid on 6 June 2024 subject to shareholder
approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting (AGM). Combined with
the interim dividend of 6.7 pence, this takes the full year dividend to
22.7 pence per share for the year, a 7% increase, returning £43m

to shareholders.

In addition to the regular dividend, the Group announced in January
2024 the intention to launch a £60m share buyback. This will commence
on 15 March 2024. Taken together with the dividend, this underlines

the Board's commitment to delivering returns to our shareholders and
pursuing a balanced and flexible approach to capital allocation.

Board and governance

In May 2023, when Stephen Harris announced his plan to retire

from Bodycote at the 2024 AGM, the Board launched an extensive
search to find his successor, considering both internal and external
candidates. Jim Fairbairn joined the Board in March 2024 and
following a comprehensive induction programme, will be ready to
take up the position of Group Chief Executive on Stephen's departure.
We welcome Jim to the Company.

Bodycote has been transformed since Stephen was appointed
Group Chief Executive in 2009. His legacy and impact on Bodycote will
be enduring and we thank him deeply and sincerely for his work and
dedication. With Jim Fairbairn’s succession as Group Chief Executive
we are well-positioned for the next chapter of Bodycote’s evolution.

We welcomed Beatriz Garcia-Cos Muntafola to the Board in September: ang employees.

2023. Her experience within the industrial manufacturing and metals
industry and as a serving Chief Financial Officer makes her a further
well-qualified Non-Executive Director.

Governance remains a focal point for me as Chair and for the Board as a
whole. As a Board, we continually keep our governance approach under

10

: review to ensure it remains effective and indine with best practice as
! it evolves; this is discussed in detail in the corporate governance report
} on page 56.

: People

} | would like to thank all our colleagues across Bodycote for their hard

: work and commitment on behalf of stakeholders during 2023. As a

: service business, it is their dedication to delivering outstanding service
} levels that sets us apart, and we are fortunate to have an impressive

} team of experienced people across all levels of the organisation who

! deliver against demanding expectations.

: Sustainability

During 2023 the Board has been actively involved in oversight of the

: execution of our sustainability strategy. Our Sustainability report,

‘on page 35, highlights the efforts and progress the Group has made.

In particular, given the energy-intensity and relatively simple supply
: chains of Bodycote's businesses, carbon emissions remain our
sustainability priority. Our operations continued to successfully

execute on a range of carbon reduction plans which put us on a path

: to deliver against the Science Based Target initiative (SBT) targets.

£ Our commitment to sustainability is an active part of the Group's

! strategy and is incorporated into our leadership team's core objectives.
: We are well placed to meet our goals underpinned by a set of clear

: action plans which are laid out for the entire organisation and approved
! by the Board

| Shareholders

} Throughout 2023, | had the privilege of engaging with many of our
} shareholders to understand their various points of view, especially

when considering the appointment of our new Group Chief Executive.
The Board appreciates the support of our shareholders and takes
their views into account as part of our decision-making processes.

| look forward to further opportunities to meet with shareholders
through 2024.

: Summary
! Overall, the Group has made good progress in 2023, remains in a

strong financial position and has the capability to take advantage of

{ many opportunities ahead. | am confident that Bodycote will continue

to perform well and deliver value to our customers, shareholders

} D. Dayan
} Chair
: 15 March 2024

Bodycote ple Annual Report 2023