Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Offering of Senior Notes On March 20, 2026, Fair Isaac Corporation (the “Company”) closed its previously announced private offering to eligible purchasers of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.250% Senior Notes due 2034 (the “Notes”). The Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture dated as of March 20, 2026 (the “Indenture”), by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes (i) to repay certain indebtedness outstanding under its Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, the lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., dated May 13, 2025, (ii) to fund the redemption in full of $400 million aggregate principal amount of the 5.25% Senior Notes due 2026 that were issued on May 8, 2018 (the “2018 Senior Notes”), (iii) to pay related fees and expenses, and (iv) for general corporate purposes, which may include repurchases of its common stock. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute a notice of redemption of the 2018 Senior Notes. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes. Any offers of the Notes were made only by means of a private offering memorandum. The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes were sold to “qualified institutional buyers” as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to .S. persons outside the United States under Regulation S under the Securities Act. Indenture The Notes are the senior unsecured obligations of the Company. As of March 20, 2026, none of the Company’s subsidiaries will be guarantors and the Notes will not be guaranteed. The Notes will be guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by each of the Company’s future significant domestic subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture). The Company will pay interest on the Notes on March 15 and September 15. Interest on the Notes will accrue from March 20, 2026 at a rate of 6.250% per annum, and the first interest payment date for the Notes will be September 15, 2026. The Notes will mature on September 15, 2034. The Company may redeem some or all of the Notes at any time prior to March 15, 2029, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus a premium and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to the redemption date. Prior to March 15, 2029, the Company may also redeem up to 40% of the Notes with the net proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price of 106.250% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to the redemption date. Thereafter, the Company may redeem the Notes in whole or in part at a redemption price equal to the percentage of the principal amount as set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture contains covenants that limit the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, under certain circumstances, (i) enter into sale/leaseback transactions, (ii) sell all, or substantially all, of its assets, (iii) create or permit to exist liens on its assets, (iv) incur debt at subsidiaries or (v) effect a consolidation or merger. These covenants are subject to important exceptions and qualifications. Upon the occurrence of specific change of control events that result in the rating of the Notes being below an investment grade rating by at least one of the rating agencies, as described in the Indenture, each noteholder will have the right to require the Company to make an offer to repurchase the Notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. The Indenture provides for certain events of default, including, among other things, (i) failure to pay interest on any Note when due and payable if such failure continues for 30 days; (ii) failure to pay any principal of, or premium, if any, on, any Note when due and payable at maturity, upon any redemption, required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; (iii) failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under the Indenture with respect to consolidation with or merger with or into, or sale, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the Company’s properties and assets to, another person; (iv) the failure by the Company or any future guarantor to comply for 45 days after notice with any of its obligations in the Indenture with respect to certain change of control events, limitations on liens, limitations on sale/leaseback transactions, limitations on subsidiary debt and addition of future guarantors; (v) the failure to comply with the other obligations or agreements in the Notes or the Indenture for a period of 60 days after written notice of noncompliance has been received by the Company; (vi) failure to pay debt of the Company or any guarantor or significant subsidiary within any applicable grace period after final maturity or acceleration thereof if such amount exceeds $100.0 million; (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization; (viii) any final judgment or decree for the payment of money that is not covered by enforceable insurance policies in excess of $100.0 million is entered against the Company or any guarantor or significant subsidiary that remains outstanding for a period of 60 consecutive days after becoming final and is not discharged, waived or stayed within 30 days after notice; or (ix) a future guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect or a guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under its guarantee. The events of default are subject to important exceptions and qualifications, as set forth in the Indenture. The above description of the Indenture and the Notes is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indenture, and the form of Notes included therein, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 4.1 Indenture dated as of March 20, 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 4.2 Form of the Company’s 6.250% Senior Notes due 2034 (included in Exhibit 4.1 hereto). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION By /s/ Steven P. Weber Steven P. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: March 20, 2026