BETA Close X A.G. BARR p.l.c. announced that its Chief Executive Officer, E A Sutherland, was granted 36,643 nil-cost options, and Chief Finance & Operating Officer, S Lorimer, received 11,508 nil-cost options on 26 May 2026. These options represent the deferred element of their 2026 annual bonus payments under the company's annual bonus scheme and will vest upon the expiry of the deferred period. The grant of these options, valued at nil cost, is in accordance with the terms of the scheme and UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 27 May 2026 GRANT OF SHARE OPTIONS 27 May 2026 A.G. BARR p.l.c. NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS, PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY ("PDMR") OR CONNECTED PERSONS A.G. BARR p.l.c. (the "Company") announces that the following Directors were granted on 26 May 2026 nil-cost options over such number of the Company's ordinary shares of 4 1 / 6 pence ("Ordinary Shares") as set out against their names below, in accordance with the terms of the A.G. BARR p.l.c. annual bonus scheme (the "Scheme"). These nil-cost options represent the deferred element of the 2026 annual bonus payment pursuant to the Scheme and will vest upon the expiry of the deferred period (as described in the Scheme) or as otherwise determined in accordance with the Scheme. Name Role Number of Ordinary Shares under option E A Sutherland Chief Executive Officer 36,643 S Lorimer Chief Finance & Operating Officer 11,508 Christopher K. O'Donnell Company Secretary A.G. BARR p.l.c. The Company makes the below announcement and notification in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name E A Sutherland (Chief Executive Officer) S Lorimer (Chief Finance & Operating Officer) 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status As per 1(a) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notifications 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name A.G. BARR p.l.c. b) LEI 213800QWTXXXF8BNEC87 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Nil-cost options over ordinary shares of 4 1 / 6 p each GB00B6XZKY75 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost options in relation to the deferred element of the 2026 annual bonus payment pursuant to the Scheme due to vest upon the expiry of the deferred period (as described in the Scheme) or as otherwise determined in accordance with the Scheme. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £ Nil £Nil 36,643 for E A Sutherland 11,508 for S Lorimer d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 36,643 for E A Sutherland 11,508 for S Lorimer £Nil - E A Sutherland £Nil - S Lorimer e) Date of the transaction 26 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and