Capital Markets Event Barr(A.G.) PLC 03 June 2025 3 June 2025 A.G. BARR p.l.c ("A.G. BARR" or the "Company") Capital Markets Event Building Great Brands - Strategic Update A.G. BARR, the branded multi-beverage business with a portfolio of market-leading UK brands, including IRN-BRU, Rubicon, Boost and FUNKIN, is today hosting a Capital Markets Event in London for analysts and institutional investors at 1:00pm BST. The event will provide an opportunity to gain a deeper understanding of the Company's strategy and meet members of the wider leadership team. It will include presentations from Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer, Dino Labbate, Chief Commercial Officer and Ewan Dytch, Corporate Finance Director, along with other senior leaders. Today's event will cover: · A strategic overview of the key platforms for growth; · The Commercial strategy to grow through brands and channels; · The Supply Chain strategy to grow capacity and capability through investing in assets and people; · The innovation process & pipeline; and · The Company's financial framework and investment case. The presentations will be followed by an opportunity to ask questions of the presenters and the wider management team. The presentation materials will be available on AG Barr's corporate website after the event: https://www.agbarr.co.uk/investors/ This is the final in a series of three events as part of the company's H1 2025 Investor Insight Programme, following site visits to Cumbernauld and Milton Keynes in April and May 2025 respectively. No new material information is being disclosed and there will not be a trading update at today's event. The next scheduled Trading Update will be on 29 July 2025. For more information, please contact: A.G. BARR Instinctif Partners 0330 390 3900 020 7457 2020 Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer Justine Warren Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance & Operating Officer Hannah Scott This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and