BETA Close X A.G. BARR plc has launched a rebranded IRN-BRU 'ZERO', formerly IRN-BRU 'XTRA', to better communicate its zero sugar offering and drive sales across the UK. This rebranding, supported by expanded distribution and a UK-wide advertising campaign designed to reach 86% of UK adults seven times, aligns with the company's strategic growth drivers. The low-calorie carbonates market accounts for 50% of category sales and is growing faster than higher-calorie options. IRN-BRU 'ZERO' currently represents approximately 20% of IRN-BRU's annual sales, and this rebranding is the first in its ten-year history, with the liquid remaining unchanged. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 23 March 2026 IMMEDIATE RELEASE 23 March 2026 RNS Reach A.G. BARR plc ("A.G. BARR" or "the Company") Launch of IRN-BRU 'ZERO' Rebranding and expanded distribution to help drive sales across the UK A.G. BARR, the multi-beverage business with a broad portfolio of market-leading UK brands including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost, is pleased to announce the formal launch commenced last week of its rebranded and refreshed IRN-BRU 'ZERO' product. IRN-BRU 'ZERO' has been rebranded from IRN-BRU 'XTRA' to better communicate its zero sugar proposition, with a refreshed new look highlighting IRN-BRU's iconic strongman insignia and 'Made in Scotland from Girders' strapline. The launch is being supported by expanded distribution and availability across the UK, and UK-wide advertising and social media campaigns. These campaigns are designed to reach 86% of UK adults seven separate times. Low-calorie carbonates currently account for 50% of category sales and are growing faster than higher-calorie equivalents 1 . The clearer 'ZERO' positioning and wider availability strengthen A.G. BARR's ability to drive sales across the UK. Rebranding and expanded distribution are key components of A.G. BARR's strategic growth drivers outlined last year, with a series of new product launches being delivered from January 2026 supported by channel expansion initiatives. IRN-BRU, the UK's third biggest flavoured carbonates brand 1 , celebrates its 125 th anniversary this year. The now renamed IRN-BRU 'ZERO' product accounts for approximately 20% of IRN-BRU annual sales, with other products including Regular, Diet and IRN-BRU 1901. This rebranding is the first in the product's 10 year history, and the hugely loved liquid remains completely unchanged with the same extra IRN-BRU taste. Kenny Nicholson, IRN-BRU Brand Director at A.G. BARR , commented: "As we enter our 125th year of IRN-BRU, we are refreshing the way IRN-BRU shows up on the shelf by amplifying the iconic elements people know and love. The new IRN-BRU 'ZERO' design and rebranding performed strongly in consumer testing, with research indicating an increase in purchase intent from non-drinkers of the brand, and we are excited about driving sales supported by our UK-wide campaign and expanded distribution." Please see the bottom of this release for relevant imagery. 1 Source: Circana, Value Sales , 52 W/E to 28/02/26 For further information, please contact: A.G. BARR MHP GROUP 0330 390 3900 07801 894 577 ir@agbarr.co.uk agbarr@mhpgroup.com Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer Oliver Hughes Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance and Operating Officer Rachel Farrington Ewan Dytch, Corporate Finance Director Catherine Chapman About A.G. BARR: A.G. BARR (LSE: BAG, FTSE250) is a UK-based branded multi-beverage business with a diverse and differentiated portfolio of 16 brands, including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost. Established 150 years ago in Scotland, the Company now operates across the UK, and with export markets throughout the world. A.G. BARR is committed to being a brand owner and builder, with the ambition of doubling the business over the medium term through a flywheel of consistent growth. https://www.agbarr.co.uk/ This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and