BETA Close X On September 8, 2026, A.G. Barr p.l.c. announced that several persons discharging managerial responsibilities, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finance & Operating Officer, Chief Legal & Sustainability Officer, Chief People Officer, and Chief Supply Chain Officer, purchased ordinary shares of 4⅙p each at a price of £6.0376 per share. These transactions were part of the A.G. BARR All Employee Share Ownership Plan (AESOP), which allows employees to purchase shares using salary deductions and receive matching free shares. The total number of shares purchased by these individuals ranged from 36 to 38, with aggregate transaction values between £144.91 and £150.94, all occurring on September 7, 2026, on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 08 September 2026 8 September 2026 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Euan Sutherland (Chief Executive Officer) Stuart Lorimer (Chief Finance & Operating Officer) Julie Barr (Chief Legal & Sustainability Officer) Alison Gowen (Chief People Officer) Karl Donnan (Chief Supply Chain Officer) 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status As per 1(a) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notifications 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name A.G. BARR p.l.c. b) LEI 213800QWTXXXF8BNEC87 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducte d a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 4 ⅙ p each GB00B6XZKY75 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares in relation to the A.G. BARR All Employee Share Ownership Plan (AESOP). The AESOP is an all-employee trust arrangement approved by HM Revenue and Customs, under which employees are able to buy ordinary shares in the Company of 4 ⅙ p each, using deductions from salary in each pay period, and receive allocations of matching free ordinary shares. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) £6.0376 £0.00 £6.0376 £0.00 £6.0376 £0.00 £6.0376 £0.00 £6.0376 0.00 24 for Euan Sutherland 12 for Euan Sutherland 25 for Stuart Lorimer 12 for Stuart Lorimer 25 for Julie Barr 12 for Julie Barr 25 for Alison Gowen 12 for Alison Gowen 25 for Karl Donnan 13 for Karl Donnan d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 36 for Euan Sutherland 37 for Stuart Lorimer 37 for Julie Barr 37 for Alison Gowen 38 for Karl Donnan £144.91- Euan Sutherland £150.94 - Stuart Lorimer £150.94 - Julie Barr £150.94 - Alison Gowen £150.94 - Karl Donnan e) Date of the transaction 7 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Spirax Group plc 1 hour ago RentGuarantor Holdings PLC 1 hour ago Rosebank Industries Plc 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and