BETA Close X A.G. BARR plc has launched a significant summer football campaign for its IRN-BRU brand, aiming to increase global awareness and sales, particularly outside of Scotland where currently only 40% of sales occur. The campaign, featuring celebrities and a re-recorded iconic song, is designed to reach 96% of adults in Scotland fifteen times and boost awareness in England and Wales. This initiative coincides with Scotland's first global football appearance since 1998 and aims to capitalize on the summer of sport, building on IRN-BRU's position as the UK's third-largest flavoured carbonate brand celebrating its 125th anniversary. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 03 June 2026 IMMEDIATE RELEASE 3 June 2026 RNS Reach A.G. BARR plc ("A.G. BARR" or "the Company") Launch of IRN-BRU Summer Campaign 'Iconic advertising campaign to increase awareness of IRN-BRU across the world' A.G. BARR, the multi-beverage business with a broad portfolio of market-leading UK brands including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost, is excited to announce the formal launch this week of its summer football campaign. With Scotland reaching the global stage for the first time since 1998, A.G. BARR has launched an IRN-BRU consumer campaign which will extend across the summer , with a new advert activated on TV as well as O ut-of- Home, social media, PR, and in-store and in-depot merchandising displays. The campaign features many celebrity names, including Susan Boyle and Alex Kapranos from Franz Ferdinand, and is designed to reach 96 % of all adults in Scotland 15 separate times, as well as actively increase awareness across England and Wales . The iconic 'Made in Scotland from Girders' IRN-BRU song has been re-recorded to turn it into a fan anthem. The summer of sport is a big commercial opportunity to extend the reach of IRN-BRU across the UK, as well as increase awareness worldwide. Currently only c. 40% of IRN-BRU sales are outside of Scotland, and A.G. BARR is proactively seeking to increase penetration and sales through marketing activities and channel expansion initiatives. Good progress has been made with increasing IRN-BRU's distribution points with retailers in England and Wales in the last six months, with an ongoing focus on availability expansion. Kenny Nicholson, IRN-BRU Brand Director at A.G. BARR , commented: "IRN-BRU, the UK's third biggest flavoured carbonate brand 1 which is celebrating its 125th anniversary this year , has become synonymous with football, thanks to its unique tongue-in-cheek campaigns . We already have the highest brand affinity with football fans of all the top five OFC brands in the UK. "With a summer of football comes a huge soft drinks opportunity for retailers, and this year we are helping retailers make the most of this essential and unmissable category opportunity with another iconic and memorable IRN-BRU campaign including sales-driving special packs." Please see the bottom of this release for relevant imagery. 1 Source: Circana, Value Sales , 52 W/E to 28/02/26 For further information, please contact: A.G. BARR MHP GROUP 0330 390 3900 07801 894 577 ir@agbarr.co.uk agbarr@mhpgroup.com Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer Oliver Hughes Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance and Operating Officer Rachel Farrington Ewan Dytch, Corporate Finance Director Catherine Chapman About A.G. BARR: A.G. BARR (LSE: BAG, FTSE250) is a UK-based branded multi-beverage business with a diverse and differentiated portfolio of 16 brands, including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost. Established 150 years ago in Scotland, the Company now operates across the UK, and with export markets throughout the world. A.G. BARR is committed to being a brand owner and builder, with the ambition of doubling the size of the business over the medium term through a flywheel of consistent growth. https://www.agbarr.co.uk/ This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and