BETA Close X A.G. BARR plc has announced that its final results for the financial year ending 31 January 2026 will be released on 31 March 2026, with presentations scheduled for analysts and investors. A physical and virtual presentation for analysts and professional investors will take place on 31 March at 10:00 AM BST, followed by a public presentation via the Investor Meet Company platform on 1 April at 4:15 PM BST, which will include a live Q&A session. Questions can be submitted in advance until 9:00 AM BST on 31 March. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 03 March 2026 3 March 2026 A.G. BARR plc ('A.G. BARR' or 'the Company') Notice of Final Results Presentation and Investor Meet Company A.G. BARR, the multi-beverage business with a broad portfolio of market-leading UK brands including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost, as previously announced will be releasing its Final Results for the financial year ended 31 January 2026 on Tuesday, 31 March 2026. A presentation for analysts and registered professional investors will be held on the day at 10.00am BST at the offices of Investec Bank in London. To enquire about attending the presentation in-person or virtually, please email ir@agbarr.co.uk (for investors) and agbarr@mhpgroup.com (for analysts). A.G. BARR will also be hosting a presentation via the Investor Meet Company platform on Wednesday, 1 April 2026 at 4.15pm BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential investors and will include a live Q&A session. Investors can sign up to the presentation and Investor Meet Company platform for free using this link: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/barr-ag-plc/register-investor Questions can be submitted ahead of the presentation via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 9.00am BST on Tuesday, 31 March 2026, or at any time during the presentation. For further information, please contact: A.G. BARR MHP GROUP 0330 390 3900 07801 894 577 ir@agbarr.co.uk agbarr@mhpgroup.com Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer Oliver Hughes Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance and Operating Officer Rachel Farrington Ewan Dytch, Corporate Finance Director Catherine Chapman About A.G. BARR: A.G. BARR (LSE: BAG, FTSE250) is a UK-based branded multi-beverage business with a diverse and differentiated portfolio of 16 brands, including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost . Established 150 years ago in Scotland, the Company now operates across the UK, and with export markets throughout the world. A.G BARR is committed to being a brand owner and builder, with the ambition of being the fastest growing scale soft drinks business in the UK. https://www.agbarr.co.uk/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and