BETA Close X A.G. BARR p.l.c. announced that its Chief Executive Officer, Euan Sutherland, Chief Finance & Operating Officer, Stuart Lorimer, and Chief Legal & Sustainability Officer, Julie Barr, purchased ordinary shares on 8 June 2026 on the London Stock Exchange. Euan Sutherland acquired 303 shares at £6.1383 each for a total of £1,859.91, Stuart Lorimer purchased 1,837 shares at the same price for £11,276.10, and Julie Barr bought 61 shares for £374.44. These transactions were part of a dividend reinvestment in a nominee account. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 09 June 2026 9 June 2026 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Euan Sutherland (Chief Executive Officer) Stuart Lorimer (Chief Finance & Operating Officer) Julie Barr (Chief Legal & Sustainability Officer) 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status As per 1(a) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notifications 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name A.G. BARR p.l.c. b) LEI 213800QWTXXXF8BNEC87 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 4 ⅙ p each GB00B6XZKY75 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares in relation to nominee account dividend reinvestment. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Euan Sutherland Stuart Lorimer Julie Barr £6.1383 £6.1383 £6.1383 303 1,837 61 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 303 for Euan Sutherland 1,837 for Stuart Lorimer 61 for Julie Barr £1,859.91 - Euan Sutherland £11,276.10 - Stuart Lorimer £374.44 - Julie Barr e) Date of the transaction 8 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 57 minutes ago Staffline Group 1 hour ago Shell 1 hour ago Genedrive 1 hour ago Avacta Group 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and