BETA Close X A.G. BARR plc reported an interim trading update for the 26 weeks ended 1 August 2026, with revenue expected to be approximately £246 million, an 8% increase year-on-year, driven by core brand growth and acquisitions, despite a £10 million revenue impact from supply chain issues. The company maintained its full-year profit guidance, anticipating double-digit percentage revenue growth in the second half due to market share gains, innovation, and supply chain improvements, with integrations of Fentimans and Frobishers completed and manufacturing investments on track. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 04 August 2026 IMMEDIATE RELEASE 4 August 2026 A.G. BARR plc ("A.G. BARR" or "the Company") Interim Trading Update Good strategic progress, growth in core brands, full year profit guidance maintained A.G. BARR, the multi-beverage business with a broad portfolio of market-leading UK brands including core brands IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost, today announces a trading update for the 26 weeks ended 1 August 2026 (H1 26/27), ahead of reporting Interim Results on 29 September 2026. H1 2026/27 Trading H1 26/27 revenue is expected to be c.£246m, c.8% up on the prior year (H1 25/26: £228.1m) reflecting continued core brand growth and the contribution from recent acquisitions. H1 operating margin is expected to be in the middle of the guidance range*. Whilst pleased with our performance in the market in the period, as Q2 progressed, revenue was impacted by reduced stock availability, primarily from internal supply chain issues linked to our capability and capacity change programme, but also by external issues associated with third party manufacturing. The revenue impact of the issues is estimated to be £10m in H1. Market share gains, encouraging innovation performance and supply chain actions give confidence of an improved revenue performance in H2. As such, the Company is anticipating double-digit percentage revenue growth for the full year. The benefits from integration and insourcing actions underpin a strengthening operating margin in H2 and delivery of profit expectations for the full year*. Strategic Highlights ● Core brands are performing strongly in the market and carrying good trading momentum into the second half from distribution gains, innovation launches and brand marketing activities: ○ IRN-BRU exited H1 with growth ahead of the market in both England and Scotland, most strongly in England following the recent rebranding of IRN-BRU Zero; ○ Rubicon's positive performance strengthened as H1 progressed, led by its rebranding and new product development; ○ Boost is making excellent progress as it expands into grocery and launches into the healthy hydration category through Boost Water+, with double digit growth; ○ Growth in core brands was partly offset by weakness in FUNKIN and Barr Brands. ● Building trading momentum is supported by recent market data which shows the Company growing ahead of the market**. ● The integrations of Fentimans and Frobishers were completed in H1 on schedule, with operational efficiencies starting to come through in H2. ● Our manufacturing investment programme remains on track and within budget, with Boost Sports production insourced to Cumbernauld factory from the end of H1, and the planned capacity upgrade at Milton Keynes progressing to plan. Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer, commented: "During the first half of the year we made significant progress against our strategic priorities. We completed the integrations of both Frobishers and Fentimans, continued to successfully drive our core brand propositions and made further progress with our manufacturing investment programme. Consumer demand for our brands is strong, with all core brands gaining market share. The supply constraints which impacted Q2 performance are being resolved and, with strengthening trading momentum driven by our refreshed core brands and new product development, we remain confident for the full year". *Adjusted basis. Analyst consensus Adjusted PBT £71.9m (July 2026). Adjusted operating margin and ROCE guidance ranges of 14-16% and 19-21% respectively. ROCE, as previously advised, is to be towards the lower end of the range in FY 26/27 due to the upfront investment to support future growth and the impact of the recent acquisitions before becoming accretive to the group. **Independent data source: Circana 12 weeks ended 18 July 2026. AG Barr value growth of 8.3% versus Soft Drinks market growth of 7.4%. For more information: A.G. BARR MHP GROUP 0330 390 3900 07801 894 577 ir@agbarr.co.uk agbarr@mhpgroup.com Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer Oliver Hughes Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance and Operating Officer Rachel Farrington Ewan Dytch, Corporate Finance Director Catherine Chapman This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and