BETA Close X A.G. BARR p.l.c. announced that Non-Executive Chair Mark Allen OBE is stepping down today to focus on his executive role at Hilton Food Group plc. Susan Barratt, Senior Independent Director, will serve as Interim Chair while an independent search for a successor is conducted, with Louise Smalley taking on the Senior Independent Director role. The company also confirmed it will release a trading update for the financial year ending 31 January 2026 on 3 February 2026, followed by final results in March 2026. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 15 January 2026 15 January 2026 A.G. BARR p.l.c. ("A.G. BARR" or "the Company") Directorate Change A.G. BARR, the multi-beverage business with a portfolio of market-leading UK brands including IRN-BRU, Rubicon, Boost and FUNKIN, announces that Mark Allen OBE is standing down from his roles as Non-Executive Chair and Director of A.G. BARR as of today to focus on his recently extended role at Hilton Food Group plc, where he has moved from Non-Executive Chair to Executive Chair. The Board has initiated an independent process to identify a new Non-Executive Chair. Susan Barratt, Senior Independent Director, will act as Interim Chair until a successor has been appointed. Louise Smalley, Non-Executive Director, will serve as Senior Independent Director during this interim period. Mark Allen OBE, Non-Executive Chair, said: "It's been an enormous privilege serving as Chair of AG Barr as the Company has strengthened and innovated its brand portfolio, driven value-creating M&A, and delivered value for shareholders. The business is in great shape and now is the right time to pass on the baton and focus on my other commitments." Susan Barratt, Senior Independent Director, said: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to Mark for his outstanding contribution and dedicated service to AG Barr over the last five years. He has built and led a high-quality Board and advanced the strategic direction for the business. He leaves AG Barr in a strong position, and we wish him all the best for the future." The Company looks forward to providing a Trading Update for the financial year ended 31 January 2026 on 3 February 2026, ahead of announcing Final Results in March 2026. A.G. BARR 0330 390 3900 Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance and Operating Officer Ewan Dytch, Corporate Finance Director investorrelations@agbarr.co.uk MHP Group 07801 894 577 Oliver Hughes Rachel Farrington This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and