Trading Statement Barr(A.G.) PLC 29 July 2025 IMMEDIATE RELEASE 29 July 2025 A.G. BARR p.l.c ("A.G. BARR" or "the Company") Trading Update Continued revenue & profit growth; Full Year expectations unchanged A.G. BARR p.l.c., the multi-beverage business with a portfolio of market-leading UK brands including IRN-BRU, Rubicon, Boost and FUNKIN, today announces a trading update for the 26 weeks ended 26 July 2025 (H1 2025/26). H1 2025/26 Trading H1 2025/26 revenue is expected to be c.£228m, c.3% up on the prior year (H1 2024/25: £221.3m). Overall, the Company's trading momentum increased as H1 progressed, with several record volume weeks in Q2. Brand revenue performance was led by Boost which delivered strong double-digit growth. IRN-BRU and Rubicon were flat in H1, with a stronger performance in Q2. FUNKIN saw continued off-trade growth partly mitigating challenges in on-trade, with the overall trend improving during H1 and positive in Q2. H1 adjusted operating margin is anticipated to be ahead of last year at c.15.0% (H1 2024/25: 13.0%) driven by improved manufacturing efficiencies, on-going benefits from our strategic business improvement initiatives and continued disciplined cost management. Strategy Update We are pleased to announce the Company has acquired a 50.1% equity stake in Innate-Essence Ltd, for an initial consideration of £15 million. Innate-Essence is the home of The Turmeric Co., a leading brand in the functional shots market, as well as a number of other speciality health drinks. This is consistent with the Company's strategy of acquisitions and innovation in high growth, health focused, functional beverage categories. The investment has been funded from the Company's net cash position. It is not expected to have a significant impact on revenue or profit in the current financial year. The Company has also concluded the sale of the Strathmore brand and the Forfar production site to Tŷ Nant, negatively impacting revenue in the short-term but not profit. Full Year Outlook Our revenue and profit growth expectations for the full year are unchanged. We are confident that H2 will see a strong rate of year-on-year revenue growth. We have made excellent progress with operating margin during H1 and expect to deliver a full year result in line with expectations after taking into account a planned higher level of marketing activity in H2. Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer, commented: "We are pleased to report continued revenue growth and strong profit growth in the first half of the financial year. Trading improved during H1 and we enter H2 with strong momentum and continued progress on margin improvement as our strategic initiatives continue to deliver. I am also excited about our expansion into the functional beverage segment working alongside Thomas Robson-Kanu and the Innate-Essence team. Our full year guidance remains unchanged and in line with market expectations." For more information, please contact : A.G. BARR MHP GROUP 0330 390 3900 07801 894 577 Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer agbarr@mhpgroup.com Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance and Operating Officer Oliver Hughes Ewan Dytch, Corporate Finance Director Rachel Farrington Veronica Farah This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and