BETA Close X A.G. BARR p.l.c. has appointed Darren Shapland as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Board, effective September 1, 2026, succeeding Susan Barratt who returns to her role as Senior Independent Director. Shapland brings extensive financial, operational, and governance experience from his previous leadership positions at various UK retail and consumer businesses, including Hollywood Bowl Group Plc and JD Sports Fashion plc. He will also chair the Nomination Committee and serve on the Remuneration and ESG Committees, with the company expressing confidence in his ability to guide strategic growth and drive long-term shareholder value. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 01 September 2026 1 September 2026 A.G. BARR p.l.c. ("A.G. BARR" or "the Company") Appointment of New Chair A.G. BARR, the multi-beverage business with a broad portfolio of market-leading UK brands including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost, is pleased to announce the appointment of Darren Shapland as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Board. Darren joins the Board and assumes the role of Chair as of today, 1 September 2026. This appointment succeeds Susan Barratt, who has served as Interim Non-Executive Chair since 15 January 2026 following the departure of Mark Allen OBE. Darren brings 40 years of extensive financial, operational, and governance experience within major UK retail, leisure and other consumer businesses. He currently serves as the Non-Executive Chair of Hollywood Bowl Group Plc and as an independent Non-Executive Director at JD Sports Fashion plc. His previous public board roles include serving as Non-Executive Chair of Topps Tiles Plc and Poundland Plc. He was also formerly a Non-Executive Director and Audit Committee Chair at each of Ladbrokes Plc and Ferguson Plc. During his executive career, Darren was Chief Executive Officer of Carpetright Plc, having previously held Chief Financial Officer roles at J Sainsbury Plc, Carpetright Plc and Superdrug (Kingfisher Plc), following senior finance and operational leadership roles at The Burton Group Plc. With this appointment, Darren also assumes the position of Chair of the Nomination Committee and will be a member of the Remuneration and ESG Committees. As a result of his appointment, e ffective from today, Susan steps down from her position as Interim Chair and resumes her role as Senior Independent Director. Concurrently, Louise Smalley steps down from her role as Interim Senior Independent Director, a position she has held since 15 January 2026, and will continue to serve on the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Remuneration Committee. Susan Barratt, Interim Chair , commented: "Following a rigorous and independent search process, we are delighted to welcome Darren to A.G. BARR. His incredible depth of experience across the UK retail and consumer landscape, combined with an exemplary record of public company governance, makes him the ideal choice to guide our Board through the next chapter of the Company's strategic growth. It has been an honour to lead the Board on an interim basis, and I look forward to working closely alongside Darren as a Non-Executive Director." Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer , commented: "On behalf of the entire team, I want to thank Susan for her exceptionally steady leadership as Interim Chair over the past few months, and I am very pleased that the business will continue to benefit from her deep commercial insight. We are incredibly excited to welcome Darren to A.G. BARR. His wealth of consumer, commercial, and financial expertise will be invaluable as we continue to drive long-term value for our shareholders, build our brand momentum, and execute our growth strategy." Darren Shapland, Incoming Chair , commented: "A.G. BARR is a business with a truly unique heritage, powerful brands, and a highly robust financial foundation. I am delighted to be taking over as Chair at such a pivotal time in the Company's journey. I look forward to working with Euan and Susan, and the rest of the Board and executive leadership team to support the business in achieving its long-term strategic objectives." Regulatory Disclosures This announcement is made in accordance with UKLR 6.4 and contains