BETA Close X A.G. Barr p.l.c. has published its annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 January 2026, following the release of its financial results on 31 March 2026. The report includes the notice for the company's 122nd annual general meeting, scheduled for 22 May 2026. The full report and notice are available on the company's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 21 April 2026 A.G. BARR p.l.c. (the "Company" ) 21 April 202 6 Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of Annual General Meeting Following the release on 31 March 2026 of the Company's financial results for the year ended 31 January 2026 , the Company announces it has today published its annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 January 202 6 (the "Annual Report and Accounts" ). The Annual Report and Accounts contains the notice convening the Company's one hundred and twenty-second annual general meeting (the "AGM" ) (the "Notice of AGM" ). The AGM will be held at the offices of Shepherd and Wedderburn LLP, 1 West Regent Street, Glasgow G2 1RW on Friday 22 May 2026 at 12.00 p.m . A copy of the Annual Report and Accounts, including the Notice of AGM and form of proxy for use at the AGM are available to view on the Company's website: www.agbarr.co.uk In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6 . 4 .1R, a copy of the Annual Report and Accounts will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(1A), the regulated information required under DTR 6.3.5 is available in unedited full text within the Annual Report and Accounts as uploaded and available on the National Storage Mechanism and on the Company's website as noted above. END. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and