BETA Close X A.G. Barr addressed shareholder concerns raised at the 2025 Annual General Meeting regarding Resolution 4, which had 79.5% support. Feedback indicated a need for enhanced Board diversity. In response, the company highlighted the appointment of Dr. Rohit Dhawan on July 29, 2025. Dr. Dhawan's expertise in data, AI, and digital innovation is expected to complement the existing Board's skills and perspectives. The company reiterated its commitment to Board diversity and rigorous appointment processes, and will continue shareholder consultations on nomination practices. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 28 August 2025 IMMEDIATE RELEASE 28 August 2025 A.G. BARR p.l.c. ("A.G. BARR" or "the Company") 2025 Annual General Meeting Update A.G. BARR, the multi-beverage business with a portfolio of market-leading UK brands including IRN-BRU, Rubicon, Boost and FUNKIN, today provides an update regarding the actions taken following the outcome of Resolution 4 at the 2025 Annual General Meeting ("AGM"), held on 23 May 2025, in line with Provision 4 of the UK Corporate Governance Code. As previously announced, Resolution 4 was supported by a clear majority of our shareholders, with 79.5% in support. However, the Board acknowledges that a minority of shareholders voted against. Following the AGM, the Company undertook a consultation process with those shareholders. The feedback received indicated that the overall composition of the Board remained an area for enhancement, with a particular focus on improving diversity. As Chair of the Nomination Committee, accountability for this was attributed to the Chair of the Board. The Company values and prioritises Board diversity in all of its forms and is committed to fostering a Board that encompasses a broad range of perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. The Board ensures all appointments are made through a rigorous process, focusing on selecting the most suitable candidates to support the long-term success of the business. Board composition and the potential addition of another Independent Non-Executive Director was a strong consideration for the Board during 2024, and a formal recruitment process took place in early 2025. This process resulted in the appointment of Dr Rohit Dhawan, as announced on 29 July 2025. Rohit brings significant experience in transforming businesses through data, AI and digital innovation, bringing a complementary skill set and adding to the breadth of perspectives on the Board. The Board would like to thank shareholders for their constructive engagement and feedback, and will continue to consult with shareholders, as appropriate, in respect of the Company's ongoing nomination practices. For more information, please contact: A.G. BARR 0330 390 3900 Christopher K. O'Donnell, Company Secretary MHP Group 07801 894 577 agbarr@mhpgroup.com Oliver Hughes Rachel Farrington Veronica Farah This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and