fain

—_—_
>=

2/05/2024
"ANIES HOUSE

INTRODUCTION

A.G. BARR is a UK-based branded
multi beverage business focused
on growth and the creation of
long-term shareholder value.

Ambitious and value-driven,
with strong consumer focus,
we are brand owners and
builders, offering a diverse
and differentiated portfolio
of brands that people love.

Established almost 150 years ago in Scotland,
now operating across the UK and with export
markets throughout the world, we strive to grow
our business both organically and through
targeted acquisition

Employing over 1,000 people across four business
ivisions end nine UK locations, we ore proud
tobe o responsible business thot listens to our
‘consumers, builds lasting customer relationships,
tckes core of our people, values diversity, gives
something back lo our communilies ond works
to minimise our environmental impact.

iit our website agbarr.co.uk

urlecations

@ otiices

Cumbernauld - Head Office; Bolton (Barr
Soft Drinks); Comden (FUNKIN and MOMA),
Leeds (Boost)

© Fectories

Cumbernauld; Millon Keynes; Forfar

@ Distribution centres
Cumbernauld; Milton Keynes

© Distribution depots

Dagenham; Moston; Wednesbury

For mere information

visit our website agberr.co.uk

OUR PURPOSE, VALUES AND CULTURE

Our purpose:

To create value, with values —

for our shareholders,
consumers, customers

and for society as a whole.

We do this by:
g great brands.

Our business purpose has always been
underpinned by strong volves. We believe
that how we act reflects who ond what we ore.
‘We strive to behave responsibly across our
four core volues.

For nearly 150 years we hove developed o
positive, results-driven and supportive culture,
‘As we grow our business organically and
through acquisition, itis important that we retain
the entrepreneurial spirit of the new and exciting
additions to our Group, while also ensuring that
we continue to value ond nurture the unique
essence of what mates A.G. BARR a great
business to be port of.

OUR FOUR CORE VALUES:

Acting with integrity

Respecting the environment

‘Supporting healthy living

Giving back

IN THIS REPORT

Strategic Report
‘Our purpose, values and ulture

Chair's introduction

ur business model
Ourstrateay

Fnancalhay performance inciators
Non-financial ey pertormancs indicators

CChiot East

‘Responsible business report

Governance
Corporate Governonce Report
Audit on

3 Remuneration Report

Committee

Stotementof Directors Responses

Accounts
Independent Auditor's Reportathe

Statement of Comprehonsive Income
Stotemont of Changesin Equity

Notas tthe Accounts
Glostory
Reconciloion of Non-GAAP Meosuret

Corporate Governance

ursection 72) statement describing how he directors
‘ove hod regordte he mallers set out in section a0)
‘des under secon 72 f

7

w
m
Py
™
m0

ny

HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR

£400m |

125.9%

76%

Women in Leadership

42%

For more information on our KPIs,
se0poge13—>

Adjusted profit before tax”

£50.5m

6.1%

Full year dividend*

15.05p

No Time To Waste environmental
sustainability programme

90%

CO, reduction from each of our
new biomethane-fuelled trucks

+ teme marked wth on osterakare non-GAAP meesures Defrilions and relevant reconcifaion ae provided

inthe Gletsry on pages 1800 184

2 AG. BARR pile. Annual

Profit before tax

£51.3m

H18.5%

__ Acquisitions during the year

1

tropical drinks brand RIO

Basic earnings per share (EPS)

34.59

3.5%

p

Why
invest
in us?

FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OUR
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES.

INVESTMENT CASE

01 04

Ambitious with Disciplined
value-driven capital allocation
strategy

02 05

Strong core brands Responsible

with challenger and sustainable
mentality

Clear growth Financial
opportunities strength

re about our stakeholder engagement

OUR BUSINESS AND BRANDS

We are brand owners and builders, offering a
diverse and differentiated portfolio of brands
that people love.

Barr Soft Drinks

‘At our core is Barr Soft Drinks, brightening people's _—Etabliahed
lives with refreshingly different soft drinks. 1875

Whether it’s the iconic IRN-BRU, launched in 1901

‘and still going strong today, the vibrant RUBICON fruit Employees
based brand or the unique range of BARR flavours, >
Borr Soft Drinks’ brands offer people @ choice of 931
greot tasting products and bring exciting innovation

to the market, available across multiple channels.

4 AG. BARR ple. Annual

yn Recounts 2024

Boost Drinks

‘The BOOST business is always looking for new trends
‘ond to appeal to the evolving tastes of drinkers.
Enjoying a very strong position within the UK
independent retail channel, BOOST offers an exciting
range of flavours across several functional drinks
categories - Energy Stimulation, Sport and Iced
Coffee. To further strengthen the Boost business's
portfolio we acquired the tropical fruit drinks brand
RIO in 2023

2006
2022

Employee

35

INFORMATION ON OUR FULL
PORTFOLIO OF BRANDS

FUNKIN

FUNKIN operates within the exciting and dynamic
cocktail morket, Real fruit means authentic taste and
FUNKIN believes that to shake the best cocktail you
have to use the best ingredients. That's why they use
the best fruit to, create their premium products, famous
‘amongst top bartenders. As the UK's number 1 cocktail
brand FUNKIN provides innovative ond unique purées,
syrups, mixers and a growing ready to drink cocktail
range, for behind the bar and at home. Making
ordinary moments extraordinary.

199

2015

47

4 7 1,030

9

Business divisions Number of brands Employees

MOMA

MOMA uses c blend of the highest quality wholegrain
jumbo oats thet give its oct drinks a full-bodied flavour
‘and its porridge a distinctively creamy texture. MOMA
believes in crafting simple, natural ingredients into
food and drink that tastes awesome, because a little
extra skill ond core turns ‘good for you’ into ‘great’

UKsitos

stebished

2006
2022

Employoos

7

CHAIR’S INTRODUCTION

lam pleased to report that A.G. BARR
has enjoyed a further year of significant
progress across multiple fronts, in
addition to delivering an excellent
financial performance.

Mark Allen OBE
Chair

ple. AnnualReport and Accounts 2024

Overview
Revenue grew by 25.9% year-on-year and we
finished the yeor with adjusted profit before tox*
of £50.5m, 16.1% ahead of the prior yeor.

Despite continued global macro uncertointy ond
volatility we have navigated these challenging
times well. Ourlong-term growth strotegy hos
been well executed during the year. We have
continued to invest in our brands, people and
infrastructure ond have made good progress
‘against our medium-term margin development
plans, following the first full year of ownership
of the higher growth but currently lower margin
Boost and MOMA businesses

‘our soft drinks portfolio, with a standout
performance from the Rubicon brand

+ Good progress on o number of fronts in
the first full yeor of ownership of the Boost
business alongside the acquisition of the
Rio tropical fruit drinks brond

+ Margin rebuild plon well underway,
‘accompanied by strong cash generation
‘ond balance sheet strength

(Our performance hos been delivered by an
excellent teom of people across the whole
Group, who hove worked hard in the execution
of our winning strategy.

nd
The Boord is pleased to meintain ils progressive
dividend policy and recommends o final dividend
of 12.40p per shore to give o proposed total
dividend for the full year of 15.05p per shore.

This represents year-on-year growth of 14.9%
(2022/23: 13:10p). The finol dividend is poyoble
(0n7 June 2026 to shareholders on the Register

‘of Members at the close of business on 10 May
2024, The ex-dividend dole is 9 Moy 2024

Board

As planned, after 62 years with the business,
Robin Barr stepped down from the Board in
May 2023. We were pleased to welcome
Julie Barr ond Louise Smolley as Non-Executi
Directors during the course of the yeor.

In August 2023, ofter over 21 yeors os CEO,
Roger White announced his intention 1o ret
from the business. He will step down from
the Boord at the end of April 2024, remaining
‘evoilable until the end of July to support o
smooth leedership transition,

Roger has led the transformation of AG. BARR
from 0 regional soft drinks business into the
highly successful multi-beverage, branded
company that its today and he has been
instrumental in delivering significant volue

to shareholders, stakeholders and employees.
thos been o great pleasure to work with Roger
‘ond on beholl of the Board | would like to thank
hhim for the huge contribution he has made to

AG BARR’s success over two decades os CEO
‘ond to wish him well for the future.

Iwas delighted to communicate earlier this yeor
that Euan Sutherland will join as the Group’s CEO
with effect from 1 Mey 2024, Euan has a wealth
of consumer goods experience, an excellent
track record in delivering sustainable growth and
Cc history of improving efficiency and profitobility
through major transformation programmes,
Euan is well placed to lead AG. BARR through
the next exciting phase of ils development and
2 ensure the continued long-term success of

the business.

Responsibility
‘ur Environmental, Sociol ond Governonce
Board sub commitiee is now well established and
providing important oversight and direction for
the Group, with a particulor focus over the post
12 months on our environmental sustainability
progress ond our net-2er0 roadmop.

We continue to make good progress across our
terooder responsibilty agenda. Highlights during

the course of the yeor include FUNKIN's
‘achievement of B Corp status’, validating its
high sociol and environmental stondords, os
well as external recognition, received from both
customers and industry bodies, of the progress
we have mode. Further details con be found
within our Responsible Business Report.

People and culture

have previously referenced AG. BARR's unique
cond positive culture. 1am pleased to update
shareholders that our levels of employee
engagement as measured by our Everyone
Borr None survey, hove risen further over the lost
2 months. This reflects the steps we continue

to toke, supporting our colleagues across areas
such os diversity and equality, reward, menial
health, learning and development as well as
workplace flexibility.

We continue to build on our unique culture,
protecting and supporting the individuality

‘of our business divisions, people and brands.
‘Over the course of the year, we have been
‘encouraged by the open ond constructive
feedback received at various Board engagement
sessions which now informs much of our thinking,
planning and future actions.

We ore equolly 0s proud of our values ond
behaviours os we ore of our financial performance.

Prospects
Looking ahead, while we operate in what is
likely 10 remoin a volatile environment, om
confident thot we have a Group with growth
momentum, market-leading brands, a strong
‘morgin rebuild plon which is well underwoy
cond ¢ long-term strategy which wil deliver
superior shareholder returns.

Qe

Mork Allen OBE
Chair
26 March 2024

OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Reported profit attributable to equity
holders divided by weighted average
number of shares

2024
3459p,

9023
30.47

+13.5%

Dividend

Total dividend declared for the full year
excluding ony special dividend

3034
15.05p

203
1330p,

+14.9%

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

Our business model
aims to be simple,
effective and profitable.

Barr Soft Drinks
Boost
FUNKIN

MOMA

8 AG. BARRplle. Annual Report and Accounts 2024

WHAT WE DO

We make.

‘We pride ourselves on our safe and effective manufacturing
copabilities. We produce high quality brands across our
‘wall-invested and efficient Barr Soft Drinks production sites
in Cumbernauld and Milton Keynes alongside our water
production facility at Forfar. With glass, carton, plastic and
can capability, we produce 99%. of Barr Soft Drinks’ products
in-house. We directly source many of ourkey raw materials,
with a particular competency in exotic fruit, develop our
‘own recipes and design all our packaging — all underpinned
with the aim of reducing our environmentalimpact and
supporting continuous improvement.

lin-rourced production by Barr Soft Drinks

Partalin-sourced production by Barr Seft Drinks

We behave
responsibly..

We move...

With our own fleet of more than 60 vehicles, as well as
long-standing relationships with our key distribution
poriners, our business model supports our drive to deliver
{great service to all our customers. Operating across
‘multiple routes to market, we have a well established and
‘efficient distribution network servicing our diverse sales
‘channels. Our operating model is both flexible and agile.

‘sustainable and responsible business. In particular we hove on
important roto play in the transition to alow carbon and
‘chmate-reslient economy and this becoming an increasingly
important and intagrel port of our overall AG. BARR business model

(ur responsible behaviour lie encompasses our management of
Fisk enturing tho! we ara thinking ehead end taking mitgoting actions
‘where appropriate. We have a robust risk management fromework
embedded across the business, allowing @ wide range of employees
‘of differant levels to contribute,

We market...

From IRN-BRU's signature style of maverick adverts to
FUNKIN’s unique social engagement, when itcomes to
‘marketing, innovating and building our brands wa like to
have some fun and to appeal to the widest possible range
‘of consumers, Whether through mainstream odvertising,
digital and social media, sponsorship or supporting local
‘community events, we use our creativity and consumer
insight to deliver distinctive and memorable brand
building activity

We sell...

Building long-lasting relationships with our customers
cross all our key markets is fundamental to our business.
‘Whether it’s 0 large food retailer, o wholesler, a regional
restaurant group or a local independent shop, we work
collaboratively with all our customers to understand their
businesses and find winning consumer propositions in a
practical and profitable way.

WE CREATE VALUE,
WITH VALUES...

Our business model has proven
successful for almost 150 years
and continues to create and
deliver value, with values, to

a wide range of stakeholders.

Shareholders

£14.7m

idends paid during the year

£17.8m

‘e-invested in long-term business growth
through annuel cosh copitol expenditure*

Employees

£56.6m

paid in salaries and wages to
‘our employees across the UK

Suppliers
and customers

100+

suppliers directly contracted and working
closely with thousands of customers

UK economy and communi

9
96%

cf eurrevenuele generated inthe UK, and
through our Ei.7m corpottion fox ond £6.3m
neftonalnuroncepoyrerts othe government,
wwe confnun to poy our pat a grovang the UK
tconcmy while clus donating ove E7Bko good
tours acres cur communtin

OUR STRATEGY

Purpose

Strategic priorities

Connecting
with consumers

Consumer insight drives our business. Consumer
preferences are changing and we take the time
to listen, to understand and to respond
proactively to ensure our portfolio of brands
constantly develops to meet our consumers’
changing needs.

At an A.G. BARR Group level this insight is a key
factor in how we identify potential acquisition
targets. We monitor consumer trends closely,
specifically in relation to fast moving packaged
consumer goods, identifying developments in
the beverage sector as well as emerging or
high growth categories of interest.

At a business division level these consumer
trends underpin our approach to innovation,
including product, packaging and ingredients,
as well as our consumer engagement and
marketing activities.

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values - for our
shareholders, consumers, customers and for society as a whole.
We do this by building great brands.

Our strategic priorities bring this purpose to life and set out the
steps we take to build a great business with great brands.

Building
brands
We are brand owners and builders, growing

our diverse and differentiated brand portfolio.
both organically and through acquisition.

For our existing portfolio of powerful brands
we do this in a number of ways - we innovate,
we grow brand awareness, we develop loyalty
through consumer engagement activity, and
we build our product distribution through
effective sales execution with customers.

We ore ambitious, with a proven track record
of successfully acquiring new brands. Our core
competency lies in soft drinks, however we have
broadened our brand portfolio in recent years
with o particular focus across the multi
beverage landscape.

10 A.G. BARR p.l.c, Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Driving
efficiency

We continually strive for greater effectiveness
across our business, investing for growth,
efficiency and sustainability, while also ensuring
strong finoncial controls.

From investment in new software solutions to
an increasing focus on digital development and
automation; as our business develops we are
committed to driving continuous improvement
across our processes and infrastructure.

And in our Barr Soft Drinks business division
we continuously invest in our asset base,
driving operational improvements and flexi
through our capital investment programmes,
equipping us with some of the industry’s most
efficient operational capability.

Building
trust

Building and maintaining long-lasting trust
and successful relotionships is central to our
business and always has been. Our responsible
behoviour over nearly 150 years has created

@ firm foundation, upon which we want to

build further.

Being a trusted business that acts with integrity
is fundamental to our stakeholder relationships
~ from our consumers and customers to our
suppliers and communities. Equally, as the
world around us evolves, with climate change in
particular becoming increasingly more pressing,
our strategic choices are more than ever

formed and supported by our desire to do the
right thing and to play our part in addressing
the key issues facing the world and society.