fi

NN

wun

D
D

SUILDING

LBIRVAINILDISS

MI

*SB4XDR49*

+ WELCOM

Roger White
Chief Executive

lam pleased to present A.G. BARR p.l.c.’s Annual Report
and Accounts for the 53-week year ended 30 January 2022.

We aim to provide a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the
Company, including our business model, strategy, performance and prospects
in relation to material financial, economic, social, environmental and
governance issues.

Our report includes a comprehensive assessment of the principal risks facing
the business. It also seeks to identify and evaluate matters that are of common
material interest to our stakeholders and to our business, to understand how
they may affect our ability to create value over time. These matters are integral
to our planning processes and help support the delivery of our strategy.

Our overarching business purpose remains steadfast - to create value, with
values - for our shareholders, consumers, customers and for society as a whole.
We do this by building great brands.

lam delighted with the resilience that our business has demonstrated over the
past 12 months. We have continued to provide excellent customer service, high
quality products and strong business support to all of our customers. We have
delivered an excellent financial performance against a volatile backdrop, whilst
at the same time delivering on our strategic priorities, and lam particularly
proud of the progress we have made across our “No Time To Waste”
environmental sustainability programme.

Iremain confident in both our ability to deliver continued growth in both revenue
and profit in the coming year and in our longer-term continued success,
delivering on our strategic priorities - connecting with consumers, building
brands. driving efficiency and building trust.

A.G. Barr is a UK-based branded consumer goods business focused on growth.

IN THIS REPORT

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse and differentiated

portfolio of products that people love. fume
Saar
OurbusnessModet

‘Sur Svategy ans Financ
(ur Svategy inaction
Profit before tax* Resporsbty Report
Revenue (before exceptional items) Non-Fianeit ie
Fanci Review

£268.6m ——-£41.5m —

‘CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
18.3% 26.5% Bows of Directors 36
ic earnings per share (EPS) Full year dividend* ‘Sectors Remuneration Re 76
rector Report 0
25 09 12 (e] tement of Decors Responsibiies ne
U7Pp ‘Up serous
46.1% Excludes 10.0p special dividend

Independent Ausiors Report tthe
paid in October 2021 members o1AG. BARR pte-ony
‘Consolidated income Statement
Satementsofiraneit Postion
Statement of Comarenensve ncore
Statement of Changes in Eauly
1h Flow Sates

+ ems marked with a
‘on pages 188 0191,

ler are nof-GAAP measvees, Deintions and elevant eeconctaions ae provised inthe Glossary

‘Year-on-yeat movement compares the S3-week financial year
ended 30 Jaruary 2022 win the S2-week financial year enced
24 January 2021,

a

Corporate Governance
(Our section 1721 statement describing how the ecto have had regard o the mates set Out in section 1723) to when
performing their duties under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 is se out inthe Corporate Governance Report on pages 601072
‘andi incoxporaies by reterence imo this Suatege Report

A.G.BARRpIe. Annuo!Roportond Accounts 2022

Our Business

A. Barr is a branded consumer goods business focused on growth.

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values - for our
shareholders, consumers, customers and for society as a whole.
We do this by building great brands.

Established over 140 years ago in
Scotland and now operating across the
UK and with export markets throughout
the world, we strive to grow our business
both organically and through
partnerships and acquisition.

Employing 895 people across nine
Uk locations. we are proud to be a
responsible business that listens to our
‘consumers. builds lasting customer
relationships, takes care of our people,
values diversity, gives something back
to. our communities and works 10
minimise our environmental impact.

At our core is the Barr Soft Drinks
‘business unit, home to some of the
UK's most loved soft drinks brands. We
‘make it our business to understand what
consumers want and build great tasting
‘and differentiated soft drinks brands that
people love,

Whether it's the iconic IRN-BRU,
launched in 1901 and stil going strong
today. our vibrant RUBICON fruit juice
‘and energy drinks, or our unique range
of BARR flavours, our brands offer

people a choice of great tasting
products and bring exciting innovation
to the market.

Enhancing our portfolio, we also operate
a limited number of brand partnerships,
complementing our own range of
products with global brands SNAPPLE
and BUNDABERG Brewed Drinks inthe
UK and beyond,

But we're not just about soft drinks ~
‘our FUNKIN business unit operates in
the exciting and growing cocktail market.
The FUNKIN brand's mission is to
democratise cocktails, providing
innovative and unique purées. syrups and
mixers, as well as ready to drink cocktails
for behing the bar and at home.

Over recent years we have also entered
new markets such as zero proof spirits
and plant-based milk, taking equity
stakes in small but high potential
businesses - intially with the STRYKK
brand and most recently through an
equity stake in MOMA Foods Limited,

Number of employees

895

15

9

Our le and culture
For more information on our people.
culture and employee values see
pages 22 to 30.

Strategie Report Corporate Governance Accounts

OUR PURPOSE & MISSION
To create value, with values - for our shareholders, consumers, customers
and for society as a whole. We do this by building great brands.

OUR STRATEGIC OUR BUSINESS
PRIORITIES MODEL
Connecting with Building brands Make Move
consumers
Driving efficiency Building trust Market Sell
OUR EMPLOYEE VALUES,

Ashared culture supported by EPIC valves at Funkin and Barr Behaviours in our Barr Soft Drinks business

OUR RESPONSIBILITY

Our values include our commitment to responsible actions, underpinned by four key commitments:

Acting with Respecting the ‘Supporting Giving
integrity environment healthy living back

Our Brands

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse
and differentiated portfolio of products that people love.

‘An iconic brand with a unique taste. IRN-BRU Funkin cocktails are best served

offers consumers choice ~ Regular, Sugar Free, ‘everywhere. The Funkin brand provides
XTRA, Energy and 1901 - all containing the innovative and unique purées, syrups,
same IRN-BRU essence, bru'd toa secret recipe mixers and ready to drink cocktails, for
of 32 flavours since 1901. behind the bar and at home = making
ordinary occasions extraordinary.

IN

UW

D
|

3

iN

D
|

FUN

Strategie Report Corporate Governance

Information on our full portfolio
Of brands can be found at
https:/www.agbarr.co.uk/our-brands/

Discover different with Rubicon’s big bold flavours
that you don't find in your everyday fruit bowl.
Rubicon hasa range of fruity still, sparkling,
flavoured water and energy drinks, making Rubicon
the unboring choice of soft drink.

KCOIN

D
D

RU

Accounts

BARR FLAVOURS
‘Afun, energetic brand that
hhas been bringing families
a unique range of great
tasting and great value
flavours since 1875,

PORTFOLIO AND PARTNERSHIP BRANDS
(Our wide portfolio of regional and specialist brands, alongside
‘our complementary partnership brands, enhance our core
brand proposition.

Chairman’s
Introduction

“As my tenure at A.G. Barr draws to a close, |am delighted that
my last introduction to the Annual Report and Accounts sees
the business return to strong growth. | hand the Chairman's
role across to Mark Allen OBE with the business in good
health and with a team excited and motivated for the future.’

John R. Nicolson
Chairman

During my seven years as Chairman, the business has
shown both its resilience and decisiveness in response
to external factors from a sugar tax to a global pandemic,
‘but more importantly it has demonstrated its internal
strength and drive for growth. This resolve and ambition
have been as evident as ever in the past 12 months.

Revenue grew by 18.3% year-on-year and we finished
the year with profit before tax and exceptional items*
(of E41.5m, 26 5% ahead of the prior year and ahead
‘of our pre Covid-19 profit levels, which included the
Rockstar brand,

‘These results are all the more pleasing taking into

account the continued impact of the Covid-19

pandemic, industry-wide labour and supply chain

challenges and the curcent inflationary backdrop.

Highlights during the year included:

+ Strong momentum across the sot drinks portfolio
supported by continued brand investment

+ Significant progress made in further establishing
Funkin as a leading consumer cocktail brand

+ Innovation success. particulary in the eneray
category

+ The 61.8% equity investment in MOMA Foods
Limited, demonstrating the Group's continued
ambition and drive to find opportunities to
participate in exciting new growth categories

‘The entie AG, Barr team has remained focused
‘on delivering our brand building strategy, investing
for growth and creating a business to be proud of.

Dividend
We recommenced dividend payments during the
financial year with both an interim and a special
dividend paid in October 2021, The Group benefited
from a number of one-off cash inflows that were
‘outside normal trading and the Board concluded
that a special dividend should be distributed to
shareholders, recognising the one-off and
‘non-operating nature of the cash receipt,

{At the end of the full financial year, the Board is now
pleased to maintain its progressive dividend policy and
recommends a final dividend of 10.0p per share to give
2 proposed total dividend for the full year of 12.0p per

Strategic Report

share, plus the 10.0p special dividend paid in October
2021. The final dividend is payable on 10 June 2022 10
‘shareholders on the Register of Members at the close
Of business on 13 May 2022. The ex-dividend date is
12 May 2022.

Board

‘As previously communicated, we were pleased to
‘welcome Mark Allen OBE and Zoe Howorth to the
Board in July 2021 as independent Non-Executive
Directors. Both are already adding significant value
to our Board discussions. Zoe also chairs the newly
established Environmental, Social and Governance
(€SG) Committee which has already played an
important role in the development of the Group's
net-2ero commitments.

‘Mark will assume the role of Chairman in April 2022
‘and | have every confidence that he will lead the
Board very effectively, bringing his significant
experience and leadership capability to the fore.

Having completed eight years as a Non-Execuiive
Director, Pam Powell stood down from the Board at
the end of June 2021 as part of the long-term Board
succession plan. We would like to thank Pam for her
support insight and guidance during her term on
the Board,

Responsibility

Ithas been a year of real progress throughout

‘our responsibilty agenda, particulary so across

Cour "No Time To Waste" environmental sustainability
‘programme. Roger shares more detail in his viet
Executive's Review, and a full review of the years
activity is detailed in the Responsibility Report on
pages 22 to 45. However, | would particulary hightght
‘another year-on-year improvement in our Ciimate
Disclosure Project (CDP) climate change ques:ionnaire
score. CDP is a globally recognised environmental
disclosure system and our improved A- classification is
‘a welcome independent and external validaticn of the
{great work being done across the business to address
the impact of climate change.

Corporate Governance Accounts

People and culture

‘AG. Barr has a positive, results-driven and supportive
culture, developed over many years. It has been.
encouraging to see the progress made across 3
range of people matters during my time as Chaicman,
particularly so in the area of diversity and inclusion,
‘One important ilustration of note is the increase

in female leadership, with women now making

Lup over 40% of AG. Barr's senior management.

Events over the past two years have been challenging
for many of us, both personally and professionally,

‘and on behalf of the Board ! want to extend my thanks
to the ful eam for the huge part they have played in
‘overcoming the challenges faced, and delivering such
‘a strong performance across the year. It has been more
important than ever to support our people through
these tough times ang | have been very encouraged to
learn more about the strong mental health awareness
‘and support culture that is well established across.

the business

Prospects

We have a portfolio with strong brand equity, 3
successful growth strategy and a team of passionate,
committed and capable people across the Group,
With our proven track record of delivery we are well
positioned to further grow and develop our business.
in 2022 and beyond.

fuk Micha

John R. Nicolson

Chairman
29 March 2022

+ ems marked with an aster ave non-GAAP measures
Detintions and relevant reconclations are provides inthe
Glossary on pages 188 10 191.

“The entire A.G. Barr team
has remained focused
on delivering our brand
strategy, investing for
growth and creating a
business to be proud of.”

John R. Nicolson
Chairman

AG.BARRpLe. An

st Report and Accounts 2022

Our Business Model ouresetor

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse and differentiated portfolio 7O
of products that people love. With a leet of more than 70 vehicles,
Our overarching purpose is to create valve, with values - for our shareholders, cur hey muiuen pariers we erweto
consumers, customers and for society as a whole. We do this by building great brands. fomtha baggent tno sernce cantons.
Our business model is simple, effective and profitable. to the smallest local shop.

Our direct suppliers

oor ent 70
895 We work in parinershi with our key

brilliantly together. Underpinning responsible way

everything that we do is our belief

in performance through people ~ Our UK locations

2 positive and engaged team is central

Our brands We operate across nine UK sites ~ our
Cumbernauld sites home to our Head

1 5 Office, manufacturing, warehousing
and sles offices and across the rest of

[As brand owners and builders stening _the UK we have offices at Bolton and
carefully to our consumers is paramount, Camden. two further manufacturing

Sad by Jorg soe have developed 2 facies at Miton Keynes and Forfar,
diverse and differentiated portfolio of {and four regional distribution depots
branded products to satsly theirneeds at Newcastle, Moston, Wednesbury
and offer choice and Dagenham,

We behave responsibly.

Strategic Report

‘WHAT WE DO

We make...

We pride ourselves on our effective
and safe manufacturing capabilites,
‘producing high quality products
‘across our well-invested and efficient
production sites in Cumbernauld, Forfar
‘and Milton Keynes. From sourcing our

raw materials to designing our packaging.

‘we aim to reduce our environmental
impact while delivering continuous
improvement across our supply chain,

We market...

‘When it comes to marketing, innovating
{and building our brands we ike to have
some fun, appealing to our broad range
‘of consumers. whether that's through
advertising campaigns, digital and social
‘media, sponsorship or supporting local
‘community events,

Corporate Governance

We move..

Operating across multiple routes to
market, we have a well established and,
efficient distribution network, with our
Barr Direct channel in particular setting
usapart, by offering a taiored and
personal direct to store service to
thousands of independent retailers
across the UK,

We sell.

Building long-lasting relationships
with our customers across all our key
markets is fundamental to our business.
Whether it’s a large food retailer, @
wholesaler, a regional restaurant group
‘ora local independent retailer, we work
collaboratively with all our customers
to understand their businesses and

find winning consumer propositions
ina practical and profitable way.

Underpinning everything we do is our belief that how we act reflects who we are, We take our
responsibilities seriously and continuously strive to be a sustainable and responsible business
that listens to our consumers, takes care of our people, values diversity, works to minimise our
‘environmental impact and gives something back to the communities we serve,

Accounts

WE CREATE VALUE, WITH VALUES..

Our business model has proven successful for more than 140 years
and continues to create and deliver value, with values, to 2 wide

range of stakeholders

Shareholders
£13.4m of dividends paid
during the year. £5.8m
re-invested in long-term
business growth through
annual capital expenditure.

Dividends paid

£13.4m

Suppliers and customers
Directly contracted with more
than 70 suppliers with an
‘annual spend of over £100m
while working closely with
‘thousands of customers to
co-create joint business plans

Supplies

70

Employees
£40.2m paid in Salaries and
‘wages to our 895 employees
‘across the UK.

With 96% of our revenue
generated in the UK, and
through our £6.5m corporation
taxand £4.8m national
insurance payments to the
government, we continue to
play our part in growing the UK
economy while also donating
‘over £100k to good causes
{cr0ss our communities,

Charitable donation

£100k

Years of responsible actions

145+

A.G.BARRpLe, Annus! Reportond counts 2022

Our Strategy
and Financial KPlis

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values - for our shareholders, consumers,
customers and for society as a whole. We do this by building great brands.

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

Connecting with Building brands Driving efficiency Building trust
consumers We are brand owners and ‘We continually strive for greater Building and maintaining
Consumer insight ves our builders offering adverse and effectiveness across our business, long-lasting trust and successful
peupagumer insight dives Ou ciferetiated potiolo of investing for growth and relationships is central to our
esac ns oes products that people love. effctency. whale ensuriog business and aways hasbeen,
eer ewe ee With our powerful brends. and Strong nancial controls aren Our responsible behaviour over
a ake ee foes a strong rack record of bringing place, As our business develops the last 165 years has created 8
prosctvcly ont ear pontlio Successtl innovation to market wwe are committed to driving firm foundation, upon which we
See eee ony we seek to grow brand awareness coninuous improvement across want to build further Being 9
Ce ee oes toyalty and product distribution so OUT processes and technology trusted busines that acts with
That we outperform the market, Asan aset-backed business we integrity is tandamertl to out
dsive opertional mprovernerts stakeholder relationships = rom
flexblity and efficiency through Ourconsumers and customers to
‘ur expansionary coptal ‘ur pliers and commonaies,
investment programmes, Eval os the world around us
euipping us with some of the changes. with cienate change in
industry's most advanced particular becoming increasingly
operational cepabiity tore pressing our strategic

cchoices are more than ever

informed and supported by our

desire to do the right thing and
to play our part in addressing
the key issues facing society.

Read more on pages 18 to 20. Read more on pages 18 to 20, Read more on page 21, Read more on page 21