se 5 682

awe ff weu

CEO'S FOREWORD

o>

Welcome

lam pleased to present A.G. BARR p.l.c.’s Annual Report
for the year ended 25 January 2020.

We aim to provide a fair, balanced and understandable
assessment of the Company, including our business
model, strategy, performance and prospects in relation
to material financial, economic, social, environmental
and governance issues.

Our report includes a comprehensive assessment of

not only the principal risks facing the business, but also
seeks to identify and evaluate matters that are of common
material interest to our stakeholders and to our business,
understanding how they may affect our ability to create
value over time. These matters are integral to our
planning processes and help support the delivery

of our strategy.

We will continue to seek opportunities to grow our
business and | believe we are well placed to continue
to deliver consistent long-term shareholder value.

Roger White
Chief Executive

COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Our section 17211) statement describing how the directors have had regard to the matters
set out in section 172(1)(a) to {f) when performing their duties under section 172 of the
Companies Act 2006 is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 50 to 61
and is incorporated by reference into this Strategic Report.

We are a UK-based branded consumer goods business focused on
growth, building great tasting brands that people love. We aim to
deliver long-term sustainable value, growing both organically and
through partnerships and acqui:

Revenue Profit before tax*
(before exceptional items)

IN THIS
REPORT

STRATEGIC REPORT

£255.7m £37.4m

(8.4)% (17.3%

Net cash from operating activities** Basic earnings per share
£40.1m 26.50p
(10.1)% {15.9)%

+ Wems markec with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures. Definitions and retevart reconciliations are proviced inthe Glossary
‘on pages 162 10164.
+ Operating cash flows have increased by C3.3m in he current year folowing the adoption of IFRS 16, as lease payments
oreviously ncludes within operating actives are now disclosed a3 linancing aetviles,

Our Business 2

Our Brands
Chairman's Introduction 6
(Our Business Model 6

Strategy and Financial KPIs 10
Chiet Executive's Review R
iegy in Action. 16
iilty Report and

Risk Management a2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
BoardotOwecios ——SSCSC~S
Corporate Governance Report 30
‘Audit anc Risk Committee Report 62
Directors Remuneration Report____66
Directors Report 36
Statement of Director

Responsilities 101

ACCOUNTS

independent Auditor's Report to the
MembersofA.G.BARRplc.only 102

Consolidated income 5
Statements of Financial Position ‘11
Statement of Comprehensive Income 112
Statement of Changes in Equity re
Cash FlowStatements HS
Notestothe Accounts «dS
Results 16

162

aoUeWIaAOD areiodi0D ©—-uoday aiBHIeNS

swunos2y

AG BARR p.lic. Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Our business

A.G. Barr is a UK-based branded consumer goods business
focused on growth, building great tasting brands that people love.

Established over 140 years ago in Scotland
and now operating across the UK and
internationally, we aim to deliver long-term
sustainable value, growing both organically
and through partnerships and acquisition.

Employing almost 1.000 people across 9 UK
locations, we are proud to be a responsible
business that listens to our consumers,
builds lasting customer relationships, takes
care of our employees, gives something
back to our communities and works to
minimise our environmental impact.

Number of employees

950

UK sites

9

Number of brands

18

At our core is our Barr Soft Drinks business
unit, a successful branded soft drinks
business, building a diverse and differentiated
portfolio of great tasting soft drinks that
people love.

We make it our business to understand what
consumers want.

Whether it’s the iconic IRN-BRU, launched
in 1901 and still going strong today, our
vibrant RUBICON fruit and juice drinks, our
unique range of BARR flavours, or our pure,
clear Scottish spring water STRATHMORE,
our brands offer people a choice of great
tasting products and bring exciting
innovation to the market.

Enhancing our portfolio, we also operate
long-term partnerships, complementing our
own range of products with global brands
ROCKSTAR, SNAPPLE, SAN BENEDETTO
and BUNDABERG Brewed Drinks in the UK
and beyond.

But we're not just about soft drinks -
our FUNKIN business unit operates in

the exciting and growing cocktail market.
‘The FUNKIN brand provides innovative and
unique purées, syrups. mixers and now
ready to drink cocktails, for behind the bar
and at home cocktails,

STRATEGY BUSINESS

AND KPIs MODEL

For information on our For information on our
Strategy and Financial KPIs Business Model see page 8.

see pages 10 and 11.
o—
oe

OUR STRATEGY:

Our overarching business strategy is to deliver long-term
sustainable value in all that we do.

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES:

Connecting Building Building Driving
with consumers | brands trust efficiency

OUR BUSINESS MODEL:

Make —»> Move —> Market —~ Sell —+ Behave ———~ Create
responsibly value

OUR RESPONSIBILITY COMMITMENTS:

Act with Respect the Support Give
integrity environment healthy living back

oday 26arens

douewianog areiodioD

swuno22y

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse and
differentiated portfolio of products that people love.

OUR BRANDS
You can find out more information on our
full portfolio at agbarr.co.uk/our-brands/

o—

uoday a6a1eNs

‘saueUsaA0D a1e10d109,

siune22y

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

A.G. BARR p.

Chairman’s
Introduction

After many years of consistent profit growth,
it has been a difficult year for the business,
with revenue declining 8.4% to £255.7m and
profit before tax and exceptional items*
falling 17.3% to £37.4m (statutory profit before
tax was also £37.4m), Despite the challenging
trading environment, management
responded with decisive actions and | am
pleased to report that the business exited the
year with renewed momentum

While our Funkin business unit had another
successful year, Barr Soft Drinks faced some
significant headwinds across the year.

The consumer market was undoubtedly
impacted by political uncertainty and the
poorer weather was in sharp contrast to

the prior year’s record breaking summer.
Looking back, we did not fully recognise the
extent to which we benefited from the hot
summer of 2018.

Against this backdrop the business also
experienced some specific brand
challenges, while also implementing its
strategy to realign pricing more closely with
the market, following the one-off volume
led strategy of 2018 when the Soft Drinks
Industry Levy was implemented

Despite these circumstances the business
maintained its strategic focus, continuing
to invest in its brands, innovation, assets,
people and responsibility commitments,
‘Action has been taken to simplify and
streamline the business, with benefits
already in evidence

We have a strong balance sheet. an
experienced team in place and are welt
placed to exploit growth opportunities
as and when they arise.

Dividend

An interim dividend, for the six months
ended 27 July 2019, of 4.00p (2019: 3.90p)
per ordinary share was paid on 25 October
2019. Our usual practice at this time of the
year is to propose 2 final ordinary dividend
to be paid in June, subject to approval by
shareholders at the Annual General Meeting
held in May. However, given the
unprecedented circumstances arising

from COVID-19, we believe it is currently
important to conserve cash and maintain
balance sheet flexibility. As such, the Board
is not proposing a final dividend at this
time, and will review the dividend position
when there is greater visibility of the
impact of COVID-19,

People and culture

We have a positive and result-driven culture,
which has held the business in good stead
across a difficult year. A wide range of
initiatives have been implemented across
the Group to support and foster an even
stronger culture, initiatives which are being
well received by employees and recognise
the importance of building an even more
inclusive workplace. Details are included in
‘our Responsibility report on pages 22 to 35.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank,
‘on behalf of the Board, the whole team
across the Group for their hard work and
diligence in what has been a demanding year.

Board

As previously communicated, after 9 years
on the Board, Martin Griffiths will stand
down following completion of the 2019/20
audit cycle. Martin will be succeeded by Nick
Wharton as Auit and Risk Committee Chair
while Susan Barratt has been appointed as
Senior Non-Executive Independent Director
and Pam Powell succeeds Susan as
Non-Executive Director responsible for
workforce engagement.

Andrew Memmott stepped down from the
Board in September 2019 and will be leaving
the business in April 2020 after 29 years’
service, 11 of which as a Board member.

| would like to thank Martin and Andrew

for their contribution and commitment to
the business.

COVID-19

Clearly there is a huge amount of uncertainty
surrounding COVID-19 at present. The Board
is working closely with the executive team

to ensure the business takes appropriate
action to protect its peopte and to maintain
operational and financial stability in these
unprecedented times. With fantastic brands,
talented and engaged people, and well
invested assets, A.G. Barr remains a great
business and there is a unified determination
across the Group to get through these
difficult times and play our part. The Board
remains confident in both the management
and the capability of the business to adapt
appropriately to the current circumstances
and to deliver long-term shareholder value.

fo? ti.

John R. Nicotson
‘Chairman

+ ems marked with an astersk are non-GAAP measures, Definitions and relevant reconciliations ae grovided inthe Glossary 0% ages 162 0 162,

FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILTY

REVIEW REPORT
For information on our For information on our

financial performance see responsible business practices >
pages 36 to 41. see pages 22 to 35. 8
o— oe

“Despite the challenging
trading environment,
management
responded with
decisive actions and
Iam pleased to report
that the business
exited the year with
renewed momentum.”

John Nicolson
Chairman

0000000OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

AG. BARR p.Lec. Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Our business

model

We pride ourselves on our effective
manufacturing capabilities, producing

high quality products across our well-
invested and efficient production sites in
Cumbernauld, Forfar and Milton Keynes.
From sourcing our raw materials across the
globe to designing our packaging, we aim
for continuous improvement, ensuring
safety is at the forefront of all we do,

and investing accordingly to ensure

we produce great tasting products as
efficiently as possible,

UK manufacturing facilities

We
move

With a fleet of more than 80 vehicles, and
long-standing relationships with our key
distribution partners, we strive to deliver
great service to all our customers, from
the biggest food service customer to

the smallest local shop. Operating across
multiple routes to market, we have a well
established and efficient distribution
network, with our Barr Direct channel in
particular setting us apart, by offering a
tailored and personal service to thousands
of independent retailers across the UK.

Number of vehicles

We
market

Listening carefully to our consumers is
paramount and by doing so we have
developed a diverse and differentiated brand
portfolio of great tasting products to satisty
their needs and offer choice. And when it
comes to marketing, innovating and building
our brands we like to have some fun,
appealing to our broad range of consumers,
whether that's through TV campaigns, digital
media, sponsorship or supporting local
community events.

Brands within our portfolio

3

80

18

We are a UK-based branded consumer goods business focused on
growth, building great tasting brands that people love. We aim to
deliver long-term sustainable value, growing both organically and
through partnerships and acquisition. Our business model is simple,

effective and profitable.

We
sell

We behave
responsibly —-

We create
value

Building long-lasting relationships with
‘our customers across all our key markets

is fundamental to our business. Whether it's
a multiple grocer, a wholesaler, a regional
restaurant group or a local independent
retailer, we work collaboratively with all our
customers to understand their businesses
and find winning consumer propositions in
a practical and profitable way.

Revenue generated in the UK

We believe that how we act reflects who
we are. We take our responsibilities seriously
and continuously strive to be a sustainable
and responsible business that listens to our
consumers, takes care of our people, works
to minimise our environmental impact and
gives something back to the communities
we serve.

Years of responsible actions

95%

140+

Shareholders

Our business model has proven successfult
for more than 140 years and continues

to create and deliver value to a wide range
of stakeholders.

£19m

of dividends paid during the year

Employees
We have 950 employees across the UK.

£37.8m

Salaries and wages paid

Suppliers and customers

We are directly contracted with more
than 70 suppliers with an annual spend
of over £100m while working closely with
thousands of customers to co-create
joint business plans.

£100m

Annual spend

UK economy and communities

With 95% of our revenue generated in the
UK, and through our £79m corporation tax
and £4.8m national insurance payments to
the government. we continue to play our
part in growing the UK economy while
also donating over £100k to 150 good
causes across our communities.

£100k

Donated to 150 good causes

uoday a16nens

adueUIaAoD are10di0>

swuno22y

AG. BARR plc. Annual Report and Accounts 2020

10

Strategy and
Financial KPIs

Our Strategy

Our overarching business strategy is

to deliver long-term sustainable value in all that we do.

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

Connecting
with consumers

Consumer insight drives our business.
Consumers’ needs and preferences are
changing and diversifying and we ensure that
we take the time to listen, to understand them
and to offer everyone a choice of great tasting,
high quality products.

More on page 16.
oo,

Building
brands

We are brand owners and builders, offering
a diverse and differentiated portfolio of products
that people love. With our own powerful brands,
complementary franchise partner brands and

a strong track record of bringing successful
innovation to market. we seek to build brand
awareness, equity and distribution such that

we outperform the market.

More on page 18.
oe

Building
trust

Building and maintaining long-lasting trust

and successful relationships is central to our
business and always has been. Our responsible
behaviour over the last 140 years has created

a firm foundation, but one we want to build
upon further. Being a trusted business that acts
with integrity is fundamental to our stakeholder
relationships - from our consumers and
customers to our suppliers and communities.
As the world around us changes our strategic
choices are increasingly supported by our
desire to do the right thing

More on page 20.
oe

Driving
efficiency

We continually strive for greater efficiency across our
business, investing for growth while also ensuring
strong financial controls are in place. As our business
develops, we are committed to driving continuous
improvement across our processes and technology.
As an asset backed business we drive operational
improvements, flexibility and efficiency through

‘our expansionary capital investment programme,
equipping us with some of the industry's most
advanced operational capability,

More on page 21.
oe

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

Net cash from operating activities Basic earnings per share

Full year dividend per share

£40.1m

(10.1)%

26.50p

(15.9)%

Net cash from operating activities is defined as
the cash generated/(used in) the ongoing regular
business activities in the year. 2020 reported
performance reflects 3 £3.3m benefit rom the
implementation of IFRS 16. We previously reported
on Free Cash Flow. however have now replaced
this with this GAAP measure.

Dividend per share has been removed as a KPI
measure for the year ended 25 January 2020
given the highly unusual circumstances arising
from COVID-19 and the Board's decision not
to propose a final dividend at this time.

Revenue Gross margin®

Profit before tax & exceptional items*

£255.7m 41.1%

(8.4)% (284)bps

‘The decrease in value of revenue recorded
relative to the prior year.

Reported gross profit divided by revenue.

Operating margin before exceptionalitems* EBITDA margin*

£37.4m

(17.3%

Return on capital employed*

14.9%

(152)bps

20.0%

+41bps

Operating profit before exceptional items and
before the deduction of interest and taxation,
divided by revenue,

EBITDA (defined as profit on ordinary activities
before tax and before exceptional items, adding
back interest. depreciation, amortisation and
impairment) divided by revenue. 2020 reported
performance reflects a 129bps benefit from the
implementation of IFRS 16.

Non-financial KPls are detailed in our Responsibility report on pages 22 to 35.

+ Wemns marked with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures, Definitions an re:evant reconcilalions are provided in the Glossary an ages 162

16.1%

(484}bps

Profit before tax and exceptional iterns as a
percentage of invested capital. Invested capital

is defined as year end non-current plus current
assets less current liabilities excluding all balances
relating to any provisions. financial instruments.
interest-bearing liabilities and cash or cash
equivalents.

166,

oday ayaxens

a2ueurarey are10d109

swuno22y

i