BUIEDING
GREAT

BRANDS

fauna

MEL UCOIMIL

Roger White
Chief Executive

lam pleased to present A.G. BARR p.l.c.’s Annual Report
and Accounts for the 53-week year ended 30 January 2022.

We aim to provide a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the
Company, including our business model, strategy, performance and prospects
inrelation to material financial, economic, social, environmental and
governance issues.

Our report includes a comprehensive assessment of the principal risks facing
the business. It also seeks to identify and evaluate matters that are of common
material interest to our stakeholders and to our business, to understand how
they may affect our ability to create value over time. These matters are integral
to our planning processes and help support the delivery of our strategy.

Our overarching business purpose remains steadfast - to create valve, with
values - for our shareholders, consumers, customers and for society as a whole.
We do this by building great brands.

lam delighted with the resilience that our business has demonstrated over the
past 12 months. We have continued to provide excellent customer service, high
quality products and strong business support to all of our customers. We have
delivered an excellent financial performance against a volatile backdrop, whilst
at the same time delivering on our strategic priorities, and lam particularly
proud of the progress we have made across our “No Time To Waste”
environmental sustainability programme.

I remain confident in both our ability to deliver continued growth in both revenue
and profit in the coming year and in our longer-term continued success,
delivering on our strategic priorities - connecting with consumers, building
brands, driving efficiency and building trust.

AG. Barr is a UK-based branded consumer goods business focused on growth.

, nao di , : IN THIS REPORT
We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse and differentiated
portfolio of products that people love. STRATEGIC REPORT
Sortinas

‘Chasmansinvodveton
Gur Business Mod
‘Our strategy ad Franc

Profit before tax* 2
Revenue (before exceptional items) EI
FancotReien at
£268.6 £41.5m swantcommace
18.3% 26.5% Bours Directors 38
{Corporate GovernanceRepon
‘Rustond Risk Commitee Repor m
Basic earnings per share (EPS) Full year dividend! rectors Remuneration Report 76
Deecion Report 0
25.09p 12.0p secon
46.1% Excludes 10.0p special dividend tnaeperdent hector’ Report tthe
paid in October 2021, mmemberso1AG. BARR pe ony

+ tems marked wih an asterisk are non-GAAP measures, Definitions and relevant reconciiations are provided inthe Glossary

‘on pages 188 0 191, Statement of ChangesinEauty

CamnFlow Stements
‘Yeat-on-year movement compares the $3-week nancial year Soe he oon
ended 30 January 2022 with the S2-week nancial year eres

24 January 2021

‘Reconcionon ot Non-GAAP Menaues 390°
Note of Anval

Corporate Governance
(Our section 1720 statement describing how the srectors have ha regard othe matters set out in section 1720) tf when
performing their duties under section 172 ofthe Companies Act 2006 & se Outi he Corporate Governance Report on pages 60 to 71
nd is incorporate by reterence into this Sategic Repor.

‘AG.OARR pe Annual Reportand Accounts 2022

Our Business

A.G. Barr is a branded consumer goods business focused on growth.

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values - for our
shareholders, consumers, customers and for society as a whole.
We do this by building great brands.

Established over 140 years ago in
Scotland and now operating across the
UK and with export markets throughout
the world. we strive to grow our business
both organically and through
partnerships and acquisition

Employing 895 people across nine
UK locations, we are proud to be a
responsible business that listens to our
‘consumers, builds lasting customer
‘elationshps, takes care of our people,
values diversity, gives something back
to.our communities and works 10
minimise our environmental impact.

[At our core is the Barr Soft Drinks
‘business unit, home to some of the

UK's most loved soft drinks brands, We
make it our business to understand what
consumers want and build great tasting
{and differentiated soft drinks brands that
people love,

Whether it's the iconic IRN-BRU.
launched in 1901 and stil going strong
‘today. our vibrant RUBICON fruit juice
‘and energy drinks. or our unique range
Cf BARR flavours, our brands offer

people a choice of great tasting
products and bring exciting innovation
to the market

Enhancing our portiolio, we also operate
alimited number of brand partnerships,
‘complementing our own range of
products with global brands SNAPPLE
‘and BUNDABERG Brewed Drinks in the
UK and beyond,

But we're not just about soft drinks ~
‘our FUNKIN business unit operates in
the exciting and growing cocktail market.
‘The FUNKIN brand's mission is to
democratise cocktails, providing
innovative and unique purées. syrups and
mixers, as well as ready to drink cocktails,
for behind the bar and at home

‘Over recent years we have also entered
new markets such as zero proo! spirits
‘and plant-based milk, taking equity
stakes in small but high potential
businesses - initially with the STRYKK
brand and most recently through an
‘equity stake in MOMA Foods Limited.

Number of employees

895
5

9

Our le and culture
For more information on our people.
culture and employee values see
pages 22 to 30.

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Accounts

OUR PURPOSE & MISSION
To create value, with values - for our shareholders, consumers, customers

and for society as a whole. We do this by building great brands.
OUR STRATEGIC OUR BUSINESS
PRIORITIES MODEL
Connecting with Building brands Make Move
‘consumers
Driving efficiency Building trust Market Sell

OUR EMPLOYEE VALUES
Ashared culture supported by EPIC valves at Funkin and Barr Behaviours in our Barr Soft Drinks business

OUR RESPONSIBILITY

(Our values include our commitment to responsible actions, underpinned by four key commitments:

Acting with Respecting the Supporting Giving
integrity environment healthy living back

AG.BARRp Le. AnnualReport and Accounts 2022

Our Brands

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse
and differentiated portfolio of products that people love.

‘An iconic brand with a unique taste, IRN-BRU
offers consumers choice ~ Regular, Sugar Free,
XTRA, Energy and 1901 - all containing the
same IRN-BRU essence, bru'd toa secret recipe
of 32 flavours since 1901,

Funkin cocktails are best served
‘everywhere. The Funkin brand provides
innovative and unique purées, syrups,
mixers and ready to drink cocktails, for
behind the bar and at home ~ making
ordinary occasions extraordinary.

aU

D

3}

VINIKIIN

Rh

Strategic Report Corporate Governonce

Brands’ love
Information on out ful portfolio

of brands can be found at
https://www.agbarr.co.uk/our-brands/

iscover different with Rubicon’s big bold flavours
‘that you don't find in your everyday fruit bow
Rubicon hasa range of fruity still, sparkling,
flavoured water and energy drinks, making Rut
the unboring choice of soft drink.

ICON

D
D

AU)

D

‘Accounts

BARR FLAVOURS

‘fun, energetic brand that
hhas been bringing fa

a unique range of great
tasting and great value
flavours since 1875,

PORTFOLIO AND PARTNERSHIP BRANDS
(Our wide portfolio of regional and specialist brands, alongside
‘our complementary partnership brands, enhance our core
brand proposition.

Chairman’s
Introduction

“Asmy tenure at A.G. Barr draws to a close, |am delighted that
my last introduction to the Annual Report and Accounts sees
the business return to strong growth. | hand the Chairman's
role across to Mark Allen OBE with the business in good
health and with a team excited and motivated for the future.

John R. Nicolson
‘Chairman

During my seven years as Chairman, the business has
shown both its resilience and decisiveness in response
to.external factors from a sugar tax to a global pandemic,
bbut more importantly it has demonstrated its internal
strength and drive for growth. This resolve and ambition,
have been as evident as ever in the past 12 months.

Revenue grew by 18.3% year-on-year and we finished
the year with profit before tax and exceptional items*
of £41,5m, 26 5% ahead of the prior year and ahead
of our pre Covid-19 profit levels, which included the
Rockstar bran

These results are al the more pleasing taking into

‘account the continued impact of the Covid-19

pandemic, industry-wide labour and supply chain

Challenges and the current inflationary backdrop.

Highlights during the year included:

+ Strong momentum across the soft drinks portfolio,
‘supported by continued brand investment

+ Significant progress made in further establishing
Funkin asa leading consumer cocktail brand

+ Innovation success, particularly in the energy
category

+ The 61.8% equity investment in MOMA Foods
Limited, demonstrating the Group's continued
ambition and drive to find opportunities (o
participate in exciting new growth categories

The entire AG. Barr team has remained focused
Con delivering our brand building strategy, investing
for growth and creating a business to be proud of

Dividend
We recommenced dividend payments during the
financial year with both an interim and a special
dividend paid in October 2021. The Group benefited
from a number of one-otf cash inflows that were
‘outside normal trading and the Board concluded
that a special dividend should be distributed to
shareholders, recognising the one-off and
non-operating nature of the cash receipts.

‘Av the end of the fll financial year, the Board is now
pleased to maintain its progressive dividend policy and
Fecommends a final dividend of 10.0p per share to give
‘a proposed total dividend for the full year of 12.09 per

Strategic Report

share, plus the 10.0p special dividend paid in October
2021. The final dividend is payable on 10 June 2022 to
‘shareholders on the Register of Members atthe close
Cf business on 13 May 2022. The ex-dividend date is
12 May 2022.

Board

‘As previously communicated, we were pleased to
welcome Mark Allen OBE and Zoe Howorth to the
Board in July 2021 as indepencent Non-Executive
Directors. Both are already adding significant value
0 our Board discussions. Zoe ziso chairs the newly
established Environmental, Social and Governance
(ESC) Committee which has already played an
important role in the development of the Group's
net-2er0 commitments

Mark will assume the role of Chairman in April 2022
land | have every confidence that he will lead the
Board very effectively, bringing his significant
experience and leadership capability to the fore

Having completed eight years as a Non-Executive
Director, Pam Powell stood down from the Board at
the end of June 2021 as part of the long-term Board
succession plan. We would like to thank Pam for her
support. insight and guidance during her term on
the Board.

Responsibility

Ithas been a year of real progress throughout

our responsibilty agenda, particularly so across

‘our “No Time To Waste" environmental sustainability
programme. Roger shares more detail in his Chief
Executive's Review, and a full review of the year's
activity s detailed in the Resporsibilty Report on
pages 22 to 45. However, | would particularly highlight
another year-on-year improvement in our Climate
Disclosure Project (CDP) climate change questionnaire
score, COP is a globally recognised environmental
disclosure system and our improved A- classification is
‘a welcome independent and external validation of the
‘great work being done across the business to address
the impact of climate change.

Corporate Governance

People and culture

AG. Barr has a positive, results-driven and supportive
culture. developed over many years. ithas been
encouraging to see the progress made across a
range of people matters during my time as Chairman,
particularly so in the area of diversity and inclusion,
(One important ilustration of note is the increase

in female leadership, with women now making

Up over 40% of A.G. Barr's senior management

Events over the past two years have been challenging
for many of us, both personally and professionally,

{and on behalf of the Board | want to extend my thanks
{o the full team for the huge part they have played in
‘overcoming the challenges faced, and delivering such
2 strong performance across the year. It has been more
important than ever to support our people through
these tough times and | have been very encouraged to
learn more about the strong mental health awareness
‘and support culture that is well established across

the business.

Prospects
We have a porttolio wth strong brand equity. 2
successtul growth strategy and a team of passionate.
committed and capable people across the Group.
With our proven track record of delivery we are well
positioned to further grow and develop our business
in 2022 and beyond

ok. Micha.

John R. Nicolson

Chairman
29 March 2022

“+ ems marked wih an asterisk are non-GAAP measures.
Detiniions and relevant ceconeiations ar provided inthe
Gossary on pages 188 1 198

“The entire A.G. Barr team
has remained focused
on delivering our brand
strategy, investing for
growth and creating a
business to be proud of.”

John R. Nicolson
Chairman

Our Business Model

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse and differentiated portfolio

of products that people love.

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values - for our shareholders,
consumers, customers and for society as a whole. We do this by building great brands.

Our business model is simple, effective and profitable.

Our people

895

We are a business with one shared,
successful culture where we work
bitiantly together. Underpinning
‘everything that we do is our belief

in performance through people -

2 positive and engaged team is central
to our success,

‘Our brands

15

‘As brand owners and builders. listening
carefully fo our consumers is paramount.
‘and by doing so we have developed 2
‘diverse and differentiated portfolio of
branded products to salisly their needs
and offer choice,

We behave responsibly.

Our fleet/network

70

With a feet of more than 70 vehicles
{and long-standing relationships with

ur key distribution partners, we strive to
deliver great service to all our customers,
from the biggest food service customer
to the smallest local shop.

Our direct suppliers

70

We work in partnership with our key
suppliers to ensure high quality products
that are sourced and manufactured

ina fair, ethical and environmentally
responsible way.

(Our UK locations

9

We operate across nine UK sites - our
Cumbernauld site is home to our Head
Office, manufacturing. warehousing
and sales offices and across the rest of
the UK we have offices at Bolton and
‘Camden, two further manufacturing
facilities at Miton Keynes and Forfar
‘and four regional distribution depots
at Newcastle, Moston, Wednesbury
‘and Dagenham.

Strategic Report

WHAT WE DO

We make..

We pride ourselves on our effective
and safe manufacturing capabilites,
producing high quality products

across our well-invested and efficient
production sites in Cumbernauld, Forfar
and Milton Keynes, From sourcing our
raw materials to designing our packaging,
we aim to reduce our environmental
impact while delivering continuous
improvement across our supply chain

We market.

When it comes to marketing, innovating
‘and building our brands we like to have
some fun, appealing to our broad range
Cf consumers, whether that's through
advertising campaigns. digital and social
media, sponsorship or supporting local
‘community events,

Corporate Governance

We move...

‘Operating across multiple routes to
market, we have a well established and,
efficient distribution network, with our
Barr Direct channel in particular setting
us apart by offering a talored and
personal direct to store service to
thousands of independent retailers
across the UK

We sell...

Buiiding long-lasting relationships
with our customers across all our key
‘markets is fundamental to our business
Whether t's a large food retailer. 3
wholesaler, a regional restaurant group
ora local independent retailer, we work
collaboratively with all our customers
tounderstand their businesses and

find winning consumer propositions
ina practical and profitable way.

WE CREATE VALUE, WITH VALUES...

Our business model has proven successful for more than 140 years
and continues to create and deliver value, with values, to 3 wide

range of stakeholders,

Shareholders
£13.4m of dividends paid
during the year. £5.8m
re-invested in long-term
business growth through
annual capital expenditure,

Dividends paid

£13.4m

‘Suppliers and customers
Directly contracted with more
than 70 suppliers with an
‘annual spend of over £100m
while working closely with
thousands of customers to
co-create joint business plans,

Suppliers

70

Employees

££40.2m paid in salaries and
wages to our 895 employees
across the UK

£40.2m

UK economy and
communiti

With 96% of our revenue
‘generated in the UK. and
through our £6.5m corporation
tax and £4.8m national
insurance payments to the
‘government, we continue to
play our part in growing the UK
economy while also donating
over £100k to good causes
‘act0ss our communities.

Years f responsible actions

Underpinning everything we do is our belief that how we act reflects who we are. We take our
responsibilities seriously and continuously strive to be a sustainable and responsible business
that listens to our consumers, takes care of our people, values diversity, works to minimise our
‘environmental impact and gives something back to the communities we serve

145+

10

Our Strategy

and Financial KPIs

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values - for our shareholders, consumers,

customers and for society as a whole. We do this by building great brands.

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

Connecting with
consumers

Consumer insight drives our
business. Consumer preferences
are changing and we ensure
that we take the time to listen,
to understand and respond
proactively to ensure our portfolio
of brands constantly develops and
meets our consumers’ needs.

Read more on pages 18 to 20,

Building brands

We are brand owners and
builders, offering a diverse and
differentiated portfolio of
products that people love,
With our powerful brands, and
a strong track record of bringing
successful innovation to market,
we seek to grow brand awareness,
loyalty and product distribution so
that we outperform the market

Read more on pages 18 to 20.

Driving efficiency

We continually strive for greater
effectiveness across our business,
investing for growth and
efficiency, while also ensuring
strong financial controls are in
place. As our business develops,
we are committed to driving
continuous improvement across
‘our processes and technology.
As an asset-backed business we
drive operational improvements,
flexibility and efficiency through
‘our expansionary capital
investment programmes,
equipping us with some of the
industry's most advanced
‘operational capability.

Read more on page 21.

Building trust

Building and maintaining
long-lasting trust and successful
relationships is central to our
business and always has been,
‘Our responsible behaviour over
the last 145 years has created 3
fire foundation, upon which we
want to build further. Being a
trusted business that acts with
integrity is fundamental to our
stakeholder relationships ~ from
‘our consumers and customers to
‘our suppliers and communities,
Equally. as the world around us.
changes, with climate change in
particular becoming increasingly
‘more pressing, our strategic
‘choices are more than ever
Informed and supported by our
desice to do the right thing and
to play our part in addressing
the key issues facing society.

Read more on page 21.