AGBarr

BUILDING GREAT BRANDS

A.G. BARR P.L.C.
ANNUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS
CLL

f awe

WELCOME

| am pleased to present A.G. BARR p..c.'s Annual Report for the year
ended 24 January 2021

We aim to provide a fair, balanced and understandable
assessment of the Company, including our business model,
strategy, performance and prospects in relation to material
financial, economic, social, environmental and governance issues.

Our report includes a comprehensive assessment of the principal
risks facing the business, and also seeks to identify and evaluate
matters that are of common material interest to our stakeholders
and to our business, understanding how they may affect our ability
to create value over time. These matters are integral to our planning
processes and help support the delivery of our strategy.

The COVID-19 pandemic has created a volatile environment over
the past 12 months, however despite this challenging backdrop we
have ensured our sites remained safe and operational and delivered
a strong performance in the circumstances, further demonstrating
the resilience of our people, business and brands.

Our overarching business purpose remains steadfast — to create
value, with values — for our shareholders, consumers, customers
and for society as a whole.

| remain confident in both A.G. Barr's ability to navigate these
very uncertain times and in our longer-term continued success,
delivering on our strategic priorities - connecting with
consumers, building brands, driving efficiency and building trust.

Roger White
Chief Executive

CUMULLILLULLULLLLLLLLULILTULLLLL LLL LOO LL L

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Accounts

A.G. Barr is a UK-based branded consumer goods business
focused on growth, building great tasting brands that
people love.

AGBarr

BUILDING GREAT BRANDS

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values —
for our shareholders, consumers, customers and for society

as a whole.

Revenue Profit before tax* (before exceptional items)
£227.0m £32.8m

(11.2)% (12.3)%

Basic earnings per share*
Net cash from operating activities (before exceptional items)

£50.7m 22.31p

26.4% (15.8)%

* Items marked with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures. Definitions and relevant reconciliations are provided
in the Glossary on pages 165 to 167.

In this report

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Accounts

‘Our Busines 2 Board of Directors 52 Independent Auditor's Report to the
Our Brands “4 Corporate Governance Report $4 Members of A.G. BARR pic. only 105
Chairman's introduction & Audit and Risk Committee Report 67 Consolidated Income Statement 14
‘Our Business Model 8 Directors’ Remuneration Report 7i__ Statements of Financial Position. 138
‘ur Strategy and Financial KPIs 10 Directors Report ‘99 _ Statement of Comprehensive income 16
Chief Executive's Review 12 Statement of Directors Responsibitities Toa Statement of Changes in Equity 47
Our Strateayin Action 18 Cash Flow Statements ng
Responsibility Report and Non-Financial KPIs 2 Notes to the Accounts 120
Financial Review 36 Glossary 165
Risk Management 33 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 166

Notice of Annual General Meeting 168

Governance

(Our section 17211) statement describing how the directors have had regard to the matters set out in section 172(1}(a) to {f] when performing their duties
under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 54 to 66 and is incorporated by reference into this
Strategic Report.

UMMM

AG. BARR p.Lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

‘our environmental impact.
—<<<<<
BUILDING GREAT BRANDS.

Number of employees

OUR BUSINESS

AG. Barr is a UK-based branded consumer goods business
focused on growth, building great tasting brands that people love.

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values - for our
shareholders, consumers, customers and for society as a whole.

Established over 140 years ago in Scotland and now operating
across the UK and internationally, we strive to grow our business
both organically and through partnerships and acquisition.

Employing 860 people across 9 UK locations, we are proud
to be a responsible business that listens to our consumers,

builds lasting customer relationships, takes care of our employees.
gives something back to our communities and works to minimise

Number of brands

UK sites

860

At our heart is the Barr Soft Drinks business.
unit, home to some of the UK's most loved
soft drinks brands.

We make it our business to understand what
consumers want,

(LLILLIULLILULLUULLILLILUULLLUL LULU OOOO

16

Whether it’s the iconic IRN-BRU, launched
in 1901 and stitl going strong today, our
vibrant RUBICON fruit and juice drinks,

or our unique range of BARR flavours, our
brands offer people a choice of great tasting
products and bring exciting innovation to
the market.

Enhancing our portfolio, we also operate
long-term partnerships, complementing our
‘own range of products with global brands
SNAPPLE, SAN BENEDETTO and
BUNDABERG Brewed Drinks in the UK

and beyond.

9

But we're not just about soft drinks
‘our FUNKIN business unit operates in
the exciting and growing cocktait market.
The FUNKIN brand provides innovative
and unique purées, syrups, mixers and
now ready to drink cocktails, for behind
the bar and at home.

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Accounts 3

Se LLL LLL Gla

OUR PURPOSE:

To create value, with values - for our shareholders,
consumers, customers and for society as a whole.

OURSTRATEGIC PRIORITIES:

STRATEGY
AND KPIS

>
For information on

. aa: _ ‘di ‘our Strategy and
Connecting Building Driving Building Financial KPls see
with consumers brands efficiency trust pages 10 and 11.

OUR BUSINESS MODEL:

BUSINESS
MODEL
; Behave Create hoe
Make ) Move ) Market ) Sell ) responsibly > value For information on

our Business Model
see pages 8 and 9.

OUR RESPONSIBILITY COMMITMENTS:

RESPONSIBILITY
REPORT

reo

For information on
‘our Responsibility
Report see pages 22
1035,

Act with Respect the Support Give back
integrity environment _ healthy living

UMULLUUULIUULLLULLLULLUOL TOOL LOOULL YUU LULL

AG. BARR p.l.c. Annusl Report and Accounts 2021

OUR BRANDS

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse and
differentiated portfolio of products that people love.

OUR CORE BRANDS

IRN-BRU is an iconic brand with a unique taste, IRN-BRU offers Discover different with Rubicon’s big bold flavours that you don't
consumers choice - Regular, Sugar Free. XTRA and Energy - find in your everyday fruit bowl. Rubicon has a range of still, sparkling
all containing the same IRN-BRU essence, bru'd to a secret recipe and flavoured water drinks making Rubicon the unboring choice

of 32 flavours since 1901. of soft drink.

AULA

PORTFOLIO AND PARTNERSHIP BRANDS
Enhancing our core brand proposition, we offer a portfolio of
Company-owned and complementary partnership brands.

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Accounts

MORE ONLINE

—
Information on our full
portfolio of brands can be

found at https://www.

agbarr.co.uk/our-

brands/
Barr is a fun, young, energetic brand which has been bringing Funkin cocktails are best served everywhere. The Funkin brand
families a unique range of great tasting and great value flavours provides innovative and unique purées, syrups. mixers and now ready
since 1875. to drink cocktails, for behind the bar and at home - making ordinary

‘occasions extraordinary.

MULALLY

AG. BARR piLe. Annual Report and Accounts 2021,

CHAIRMAN’S INTRODUCTION

“In the Chairman's Statement last year | described how we
were responding to the early stages of a global pandemic.
| did so without fully appreciating the severity and duration
of what we were facing. As | write this report a year later,
we are still in the grip of a crisis which has touched the lives
of us all, whether directly or indirectly. 2020 will be a year
that will be remembered with sadness by all those who lost
family members and loved ones, and praise for those who
endeavoured to keep wider society moving throughout the
past long 12 months.”

John R. Nicolson
Chairman

A YEAR OF
STRATEGIC
PROGRESS

Strategic Report Corporate Governance

The A.G. Barr Board has continued to support the executive team and
the wider business to navigate through this extraordinary period and

| would like to register our thanks to everyone across the employee.
supplier and partner base, all of whom have worked hard to deliver
continuity of supply and service to all our customers and consumers.

The variable and fast-moving impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic
have led to a volatile and unpredictable 12 months. Against this
backdrop | am pleased to report that A.G. Barr delivered a resilient
financial performance, with revenue of £227.0m (2019/20: £255.7m).

The executive team responded with decisiveness in the face
of events that no-one could have predicted and we ended the
year with profit before tax and exceptional items* of £32.8m.
Swift actions were taken to control costs, conserve cash and
underpin our financial stability.

The safety and wellbeing of our employees is always our top

priority and never was this more the case than in the past 12 months.
Decisions taken in this area in turn supported our secondary objective
‘of maintaining operational resilience. Thanks to the commitment

and adaptability of our teams, particularly across our supply chain,

we remained safe and operational throughout the full year and
continued to deliver a high level of service and quality.

As lockdowns and social restrictions were implemented, eased and
then reinstated across the year, both our Barr Soft Drinks and Funkin
businesses felt the effects. The severity of the impact on our business
lessened as the year progressed and we became more adept at
dealing with the challenges we faced, taking timely action to mitigate
the financial, operational and consumer changes we experienced.

Our flexibility, alongside the resilience of our business model and the
strength of our brands, were key to delivering a robust performance
in these testing times.

1am pleased to report that following the considerable management
actions to protect our financial stability the business ended the year
with an even stronger balance sheet than this time last year.

idend

In April 2020, given the unprecedented circumstances arising from
COVID-19, we communicated our decision to temporarily suspend
dividend payments, one of a number of important actions we took
to conserve cash and maintain balance sheet flexibility. We kept
this position under review and, on the basis of our underlying
assumptions related to the UK's COVID-19 recovery, confirmed at
our Interim Results in September 2020 that we expected to resume
dividend payments in the 2021/22 financial year.

Subsequent to this announcement the pandemic has accelerated,
along with the associated lockdowns and societal interventions
However, we are positive that the rapid UK vaccination response will
provide a route through, and out of, the current crisis and we remain
committed to our plan to recommence dividend payments during
the course of this financial year ending January 2022.

‘Accounts

ther develop and strengthen our Board's skills,
refresh capal \crease diversity continues. We will seek
to add to our Board this year as part of our normal Independent
Non Executive Director succession planning

In addition, as | move towards the conclusion of my tenure as
Chairman, a formal search process has been initiated to find a
suitable candidate to succeed me in due course. with an update
expected later this year.

Respon: ity

The Board and executive team have put considerable incremental
efforts during the year into defining our roadmap and plans across
the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) agenda. This will
become an increasing focus for the Board and business in the
coming years. The Chief Executive Statement, and our Responsibility
and Governance Reports, will set out our progress and further plans
in these areas.

People and culture
The COVID-19 pandemic has put a considerable strain on us all, both
personally and professionally, and our business has not been immune
from the effects, During the course of the year, facilitated via the
Independent Director responsible for employee engagement, the
Board has reviewed and discussed a range of people and culture
matters, such as wellbeing, mental health and employee engagement.

Despite the trying times, teams have pulled together and the positive,
results-driven and supportive A.G. Barr culture has shone through. |
would like to take this opportunity to extend my thanks on behalf of
the Board to the full team at A.G. Barr, for their contribution and
commitment which have once again been invaluable.

Prospects

Looking ahead. it is clear that 2021 will not be an entirely “normal”
year, however there are many reasons to be positive as we look to
the future. The Board remains confident in our value driven strategy
and I believe we have navigated the crisis well. The resilience of

‘our teams, business model and brands have been highlighted in
this most unusual and difficult year. We have gained considerable
insight and experience in 2020 which will remain important for at
least the early months of 2021, however as we now plan for recovery
the Board is confident that our strategy will drive growth and value
for all our shareholders and key stakeholders.

o- QR Micha.

—_—

John R. Nicolson
Chairman
30 March 2021

* Items marked with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures. Definitions and retevant
reconciliations are provided in the Glossary on pages 165 to 167.

UMMM

AG. BARR p.Le. Annual Report and Accounts 2021

OUR BUSINESS
MODEL

We are a UK-based branded consumer goods business focused
on growth, building great tasting brands that people love.
Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values —
for our shareholders, consumers, customers and for society as
a whole. Our business model is simple, effective and profitable.

We
make...

We pride ourselves on our
effective and safe manufacturing
capabilities, producing high
quality products across our
well-invested and efficient
production sites in
Cumbernauld, Forfar and
Milton Keynes. From sourcing
‘our raw materials to designing
‘our packaging, we aim to
reduce our environmental
impact white delivering
continuous improvement

across our supply chain.

UK manufacturing facilities

We
move...

We
market...

We
sell...

With a fleet of more than
70 vehicles, and long-standing
relationships with our key
distribution partners, we strive
to deliver great service to all

‘our customers, from the biggest
food service customer to the
smallest local shop. Operating

across multiple routes to market,

we have a well established and
efficient distribution network,
with our Barr Direct channel

in particular setting us apart,
by offering a tailored and
personal direct to store service
to thousands of independent
retailers across the UK,

Number of vehicles

Listening carefully to our
consumers is paramount and

by doing so we have developed
a diverse and differentiated
brand portfolio of great tasting
products to satisfy their needs
and offer choice. And when it
comes to marketing, innovating
and building our brands we like
to have some fun, appealing to
‘our broad range of consumers,
whether that's through TV
campaigns, digital and social
media, sponsorship or supporting
local community events,

Brands within our portfolio

Building long-lasting
relationships with our customers
across all our key markets is
fundamental to our business.
Whether it’s a multiple grocer,
a wholesaler, a regional
restaurant group or a local
independent retailer, we work
collaboratively with all our
customers to understand their
businesses and find winning
consumer propositions in a
practical and profitable way.

Revenue generated in the UK

3

70

16

96.5%

HLL LLL,

Strategic Report

We behave
responsibly...

Corporate Governance

We create value,
with values...

Accounts

We believe that how we act reflects who
we are. We take our responsibilities seriously
ang continuously strive to be a sustainable
and responsible business that listens to our
consumers, takes care of our people, works
to minimise our environmental impact and
gives something back to the communities
we serve.

Years of responsible actions

140+

Our business model has proven successful for more than 140 years and continues
to create and deliver value, with values, to a wide range of stakeholders.

Shareholders

Our dividend payments were temporarily
suspended in 2020 as part of our short-term
COVID-19 cash conservation actions,
however with £50m net cash in the bank

at the year end, we expect to resume
dividend payments in 2021

We re-invested in long-term business
growth through both annual capital
expenditure of £7.1m and a further Elm
investment in Elegantly Spirited Limited and
the STRYKK brand

Suppliers and customers

We are directly contracted with more

than 70 suppliers with an annual spend
‘of over £100m while working closely with
thousands of customers to co-create joint
business plans,

CUMULILLULLLULLULLULULLLULLULLULOULLOLL UL ALYTL OL OULLLL

Employees

As an employer of 860 employees across
the UK at the year end, £38.9m was paid
in salaries and wages.

UK economy and communities

With 96.5% of our revenue generated in the
UK. and through our £10.3m corporation tax
and £4.5m national insurance payments to
the government. we continue to play our
part in growing the UK economy while also
donating the equivalent of over £140k to 150
good causes across our communities.

MLL

10

UMMM

AG.BARR pic. Annual Report and Accounts 2021,

OUR STRATEGY AND
FINANCIAL KPIs

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with

values — for our shareholders, consumers, customers

and for society as a whole.

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

LULL LOLOL

Connecting with consumers

Consumer insight drives our business, Consumers’ needs and
preferences are changing and we ensure that we take the time
to listen, to understand them and to offer everyone a choice
of great tasting, high quality products.

—
Read more on page 18

Building brands

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse and
differentiated portfolio of products that people love. With our
‘own powerful brands, complementary franchise partner brands
and a strong track record of bringing successful innovation to
market, we seek to build brand awareness, equity and product
distribution such that we outperform the market

—_—_
Read more on page 19.

Driving efficiency

We continually strive for greater efficiency across our
business, investing for growth while also ensuring strong
financial controls are in place. As our business develops,

we are committed to driving continuous improvement across

‘our processes and technology. As an asset backed business
we drive operational improvements, flexibility and efficiency
through our expansionary capital investment programme.
equipping us with some of the industry's most advanced
operational capability.

=
Read more on page 20.

Building trust

Building and maintaining long-lasting trust and successful
relationships is central to our business and always has been.
Our responsible behaviour over the last 140 years has created
a firm foundation, but one we want to build upon further.
Being a trusted business that acts with integrity is fundamental
to our stakeholder relationships - from our consumers and
customers to our suppliers and communities. Equally, as the
world around us changes, with climate change in particular
becoming increasingly more pressing, our strategic choices
are more than ever informed and supported by our desire
to do the right thing and to play our part in addressing
the key issues facing society.

—_
Read more on page 21.