Annual report
and accounts 2025

AG Barr

COMPANIES HOUSE

INTRODUCTION

We are AG Barr

We are a UK-based branded beverage business focused

‘on growth and the creation of long-term shareholder value.

Ambitious and value-driven, with a strong consumer focus,
we are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse and
differentiated portfolio of brands that people love.

Estoblished 150 years ago in Scotland, now operating across the UK and with
‘export markets throughout the world, we strive to grow our business both
‘organically and through targeted acquisition.

Employing over 800 people across the UK, we are proud to be o responsible
business that lstens fo our consumers, builds lasing customer relationships,
tokes core of our people, values diversity, gives something beck to our
‘communities and works fo minimise our environmental impoct,

Farmers information vat our website ssborrcauh—>

“Lam delighted to present my first annual report
as Chief Executive Officer of AG Barr. Ihave
thoroughly enjoyed the past nine months getting
to know the business, which has reinforced my
view that AG Barr is an outstanding Company built
on strong foundations. This report demonstrates
a successful year and positions the business for
future growth. Looking forward, we have identified
exciting and tangible opportunities to drive
accelerated growth and | am confident that
we can deliver this in the years ahead’

Euan Sutherland
Chief Executive Officer

Our Brands

ur brond portfolio
comprises four core brands
(RN-BRU, Rubicon, Boost
‘ond FUNKIN) alongside a
broad portfolio of strong
chollenger brands.

Seemore about our core,
brondsonpoge 3~>

Our Strategy

‘Our overarching purpose
is Building grect brands.
For everyone.”

Read our strstesy
onpage8>

Our Sustainability

We toke our environmental
‘esponsibities seriously, continuously
seeking fo minimise our impoct

‘on the world in which we operate,
‘whether through carbon and energy
reduction, water and waste control
‘oclionsor he reduction of our
‘environmental impac! through
‘reas such as packaging,

fad our responsible business
‘apert on poges26 046

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

£420.4m_ 13.6%

fa

IN THIS Strategic Report
REPORT Financiel highlights _
ataslance

Investment case

‘Choirs statement —

Corperaa Governance

ien-inneiel ny performance incor
‘hie Executive Ot

Corporate Governance Accounts

Profit before tax

£58.5m £53.2m

215.8% 87%

Adjusted basic earnings per share* (EPS) Full year dividend*

39.77p 16.86p

74k 2.0%

Corporate Governance Accounts
Board of

tore

Corporal Governance Report

Cosh Flow Statements vas
Notes fo the Accounts 4s

AG.BARR p.lc. Annual Report

AT A GLANCE

Our business purpose has always
been underpinned by strong values.
We believe that how we act reflects
who and what we are.

For 160 yeors, we hove cullvaled o positive, results-driven, ond
supportive culture, As we continue to grow both organically and
‘through acquisitions, itis essential that we retain the entrepreneurial
spirit of the dynamic recent additions to our Group. AY the same time,
we remain committed fo valuing and nurturing the unique qualities
that moke AG Barr an exceptional organisation to be port of

OUR FOUR KEY COMMITMENTS:

We act with integrity

We respect the environment

We support healthy i

We give back
facmorainfarmation on our pesola cure
‘endemployen volves so poaes 79032

Formore information see ovr responsible
mens report 8075

OUR PURPOSE:

Building great brands.

For everyone.

OUR STRENGTHS:

Our people
We werk callaboraively, enjoy high levels
ct employee engagement and tate pride
inaurtolented, ecicoled teams who ore
the foundation of our succes,

Our suppliers
We workin porinership with our key
suppliers to ensure high quality products
that ore sourced end manufactured ina for,
ethical ond environmentally responsible woy.

Our brands

We pride ourselves on our diverse ond
differentioted portfolio of branded products
that meet the changing needs of our
consumers ond offer great choice and value,

‘Our locations

We operate across five UK sites - our
Cumbernauld site is our Head Office
‘ond is home to one of our two primory
‘monufociuring siles, the other being in
Milton Keynes.

900+

‘omployoos

78%

Group-wide employee
engagement

core brands
Alongside o brood portfolio
of strong challenger brands.

5

INVESTMENT CASE

Why
invest
in us?

We are a UK focused, brand builder
with a long history of profitable
growth and cash delivery. We have
‘an ambition to double in size -

and then grow from there.

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Accounts

value-driven
strategy

03

Clear growth
opportunities -
ic, innovation

Financial
strength

02

Strong core brands
with a challenger
mentality

04

Disciplined
capital
allocation

06

Acting responsibly
and sustainably

Find out more about our stakeholder.
‘sngegement on poaes 601075

AG. BARR p.lic. Annual Report and Accounts 2025

CHAIR STATEMENT

lam pleased to report that AG Barr
has delivered excellent financial results
in the 2024/25 year. This is attributable
to the execution of our clear and
consistent growth strategy.

Mark Allon OBE
Choir

Overview
This yeor hos marked onother period of soles
{growih. This hos been achieved despite the much
publicised economic headwinds ond the financial
pressures on consumers, which have continued
to influence the markets in which we operate.
We hove navigated these challenges effectively
‘across the yeor lo deliver o sirong set of results.

We have continued to invest in our brands,
people and copital asset base ond made
significant progress with our margin rebuild
pons, This puts us ino strong posilion to deliver
sustained growth in the future.

This yeor has seen ¢ period of management
transition, marked by the appointment of Euan
‘Suthedond os Chief Executive Offic

Evon's leadership, we are seeing the
of renewed ombition to accelerate the growth
of the business,

Highlights:

+ Our soft drinks portfolio delivered strong
volume and revenue growth, with a stand-out
performance {rom the Rubicon brand which
saw double digit revenue growth

+ We continued to inves! in our supply choin

to expond copocity ond increase in-house
manufacturing te support our growth plans,
This investment provided tangible benefits
including enhanced margins and improved
‘customer service. Our mulli-year capital
investment programme ot our Cumbernauld
site progressed as planned. In Q4 the Board
‘opproved the intial phases of the next
significant step in expanding our Milton Keynes
site, which will further increase copabilly ond
‘copacily over the nex! 3-5 yeors.

+ We successfully progressed our strategic

programme to strengthen our convenience
‘channel route to market and integrate Boost
into our Borr Soft Drinks business. Boih projecis
‘completed during the year ond ore delivering
intial postive results,

+ The business isin excellent financial heath,

with strong cash generation, @ robust belonce
sheet and improved return on copitl.

+ Our performance has been driven by on

‘outstanding team, whose hard work and
dedication hat been pivotal in executing
our strategy,

rd
Euan Sutherland joined the business as Chief
Executive Officer on } May 2024. With extensive
experience in consumer goods, « proven track
record of growing businesses ond a hislory of
delivering mojor iransfarmation initiatives,
Euon brings valuable expertise tothe role

The transition was successfully completed by
the end of Hi, with no disruption to the business.
Evan, olong with the senior leadership team,

is fully focused on developing the Compony's
strategy and accelerating its growth trojectory.

Roger White retired as Chief Executive Officer of
the Company and resigned from the Board on
30 April 2024, after over 22 years of dedicoted
service, Roger played a key role in transforming
[AG Borr from a regional soft drinks business into
o highly successful, multi-beverage Company
delivering significant value to shoreholders,
stokeholders and employees. The Board and
llextend our gratitude for his outstanding
contribution ond wish him well for the future,

To ensure © smooth leadership transition,

Roger remained available to the business

nil the end cf July 2024.

Jonathan Kemp stepped down from the Board
‘on 31 May 2024 after 20 years of service and
retired from his role os Commercial Director
(on 30 September 2024. Jonathan is continuing
with the Company to leod several toy projects
‘ond ensure @ smooth leadership transition

Responsibility
Our Environmental, Sociol, ond Governance
(ESC) Board sub-committee is wel established,
providing crucial oversight and direction for the
Company. Over the pas! 12 months it hos focused
fon advancing our environmental sustainability
intotives and progressing our net-zer0 roadmap.
We now procure REGO back renewable electricity
‘cross all our operational sites and we are also
pleased to report that our carson emissions
‘cross our operations (Scope 162) reduced by
43% compored lo our baseline year,

ple, culture and values

uring the yeor we completed two key
milestones in our strategic programme:

the closure of our Borr Direct operation and
the integration of the Boos! business into our
‘broader Borr Soft Drinks portfolio. A number
of employees were offered new roles in the
business. However, these initiatives resulted in
redundancies for ¢ number of colleagues. Such
decisions ore never made lightly, ond | would like
to sincerely honk those impocied for their hord
‘work and dedication during their ime with us

[AG Barr continues to foster @ unique and
pposilive culture, embracing ond supporting
the individuality of both our people ond our
brands, 1am pleased to report that employee
‘engagement, as measured by our Everyone
Borr None survey, hos increased further over
the post 12 months. This improvement ref
‘our continued efforts to suppor! colleagues in
key areas such os diversity, equality, reward,
‘mental heolth, learning ond development ond
workplace flexibility. We toke as much pride

in our values and behaviours as we do in our
financial performance.

‘Throughout the year, we continued to run
‘employee/Board engagement sessions and
hove been encouraged by the open and.
‘constructive feedback shored, Ths feedbock
hos become a key driver in shaping our thinking,
planning ond future octions.

Copital allocation and dividend

[AG Borr operates within o clear capital allocation
framework, prioritising business invasiment and
shareholder returns. The Boord is pleased to
Uphold its progressive dividend policy and
recommends a final dividend of 1376p per shore,
bringing the proposed lotol dividend for the full
year to 16 86p per shore, This represents
year-on-year growth of 120% (2023/24: .05p).
‘The final dividend willbe payable on 6 June 2025
to shoreholders onthe Register af Members os
ofthe close of business on 9 Moy 2025, with the
ex-dividend date sel for 8 May 2025,

Strategic Report Corporate Governance

Looking chead
fam proud of AG Barr's achievements over

the past year and confident in both our plans
forthe year aheod and our long-term sirolegy.
‘We oir to build on the goad momentum we
have established in recent yeors to deliver the
strong growth opportunity that is within our
control. We are also mindful and responsive

to external factors. We will continue fo invest in
‘our market-leading bronds, assets ond people,
Cond drive forward our well-dvanced margin
rebuild plan. |am confident thot our strategy
will deliver excellent returns for our shareholders
Cond be positive for oll stokeholders.

25 March 2025,

Accounts

A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2025

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

WHAT WE DO

First and foremost
we build great
brands.

We also believe that how we operate
sets us apart from the competition.

With 150 years of history and heritage,
coupled with a track record of successful
acquisitions, we believe we have a unique
blend of experience and entrepreneurialism
- all of which is built on our longstanding
desire to act responsib!

We make...

We pride ourselves on our safe and effective
manufacturing capabilities. We produce high
quality products across our well-invested

and efficient Soft Drinks production sites in
Cumbernauld, Milton Keynes and Forfor, With
capabilities in cans, plastic, cartons, and glass,
we produce ¢.83% of Soft Drink products in-house,
As our capital investment programme advances,
we continue to progress the insourcing of the
Boost product range, with insourcing expected

to be completed by the end of 2027. We source all
‘our raw materials, with a particular competency
in exotic fruit, develop our own recipes and design
all our packaging - all underpinned with the aim
of reducing our environmental impact and
delivering continuous improvement.

have a wall established and efficient distribution
network servicing our diverse sales channel

We market.

From IRN-BRU's signature style
of maverick adverts to Boost's
connection with sporting activity,
whenit comes to marketing,
innovating ond building our brands
wo lke te have some fun and to
‘appeal to the widest possible range
of consumers. Whether through
moinstream advertising, digital
‘ond tociol media, sponsorship or
supporting local community events,
we use our creativity and consumer
insight to deliver distinctive and
‘memorable brand-building.

We sell...

Building long-lasting relationships
with our customers across all our

key markets is fundamental to

our business. Whether it's @ large
food retciler, 6 wholesoler oro
regional restaurant group, we work
collaboratively with all our customers
to understand their businesses ond
find winning consumer propositions
ine proctical and profitoble way.

Strategic Report

We behave
responsibly.

Underpinning everything we do is our
belief that how we act reflects who

‘wo aro. We take our responsibilities
seriously and continuously strive to be
‘sustainable ond responsible business
that listens to our consumers, tokes
care of our people, values diversity,
‘works to minimise our environmental
impact and gives something back to
the communities we serve, We have on
important role to play in the transition
to.alow carbon and climate-resiient
‘economy and thisis becoming an
increasingly important and integral port
of aur overall AG Barr business model,

Our responsible behaviour also
encompasses our management of
Fisk, ensuring that we are thinking
head and taking mitigating actions
fo minimise any potential impact on
our business. We have o robust risk
management framework in place

that is embedded across the business,
allowing a wide range of employees at
different levels o contribute to our risk
‘otsesement and assurance processes.

‘Mace information on our responsible actions.
‘canbe found on poges 26 to 49 ond o ful
raven oT n
poses 561062»

Corporate Governance Accounts

VALUE CREATED

The success of our business model means we
continue to create and deliver value to. wide
range of stakeholders including shareholders,
employees, customers and suppliers, as well
‘98 our communities and the UK economy.

Sharoholders

£17.2m

of dividends paid during the yeor

£19.2m

re-invested in long-term business growth through
ennual capitol expenditure

£63.7m _

paid to our employees across the UK.

ul

With 95% of our revenue generated in the UK, ond
through our £9.3m in corporation tax, £7.2m in national
ineurance payments and other various tax payments to

the government, we continue to play our part in growing
the UK economy while also donating over £100k to good
causes across our communities.

AG. BARR p.lc. Annual Report and Accounts 2025

OUR STRATEGY

Our overarching purpose is building great brands for everyone.

Our strategic priorities bring this purpose to life and set out the steps we take to build a great business with great brands.

Connecting
with consumers

Consumer insight drives our busines.
Consumer preferences are changing and
we toke the time to listen, to understand
‘ond to respond proactively fo ensure our
portfolio of brands constantly develops
To meet our consumers’ changing needs.

Consumer trends also underpin our
‘epproach te innovation, including product,
packaging and ingredients, as well ot our
consumer engagement and marketing
‘octivities. In the past 12 months we have
placed @ particulor focus on areos such
08 digital soles ond marketing os well os
Using our brands to raise owareness of
our sustainability progress.

This insight is o key factor in how we identity
potential acquisition targets. We monitor
consumer trends closely, specificallyin
relation to fast moving packaged consumer
9004s, identifying developments in he
beverage seclor as well as emerging or
high growth categories of interest

Building
brands

We ore brand owners and builders,
‘growing our diverse ond differentioied
‘brond portfolio both orgonicolly and
through acquisition,

For our existing portfolio we do this in a
umber of ways ~ we innovote, we grow
‘brond awareness, we develop loyally
through consumer engagement activity,
‘ond we build our product distribution through
effective sales execution with customers

‘We ore ombitious, wth @ proven trock
record of successfully acquiring new brands.
‘Our core competency lies in soft drinks,
however we have broadened our brand
portfolio in recent years.

Driving
efficiency

We continually strive for greater
effectiveness across our business, investing
for growth, efficiency ond sustainability,

while also ensuring strang financial control

From investment in new software solutions to
fon increasing focus on aigital development
fond automaton, 08 our business develops
we are committed to driving continuous
improvement across our processes

‘ond infrastructure,

‘And in our Soft Drinks business we
continuously invest in our osset base, driving
‘operational improvements and flexibility
through our capital investment programmes,
equipping us with some of the industry's

3 operational copobilly,

Building
trust

Building and maintaining long-lasting trust
‘ond successful relationships is central o our
‘business ond olwayshos been. Qur responsible
behaviour over 150 years has created a firm
foundation upon which we wont to build further.

acing o trusted business hot octe with
integry ie fundomentlo our sakehalder
relationships ~ from our consumers ond
‘customers o our suppers ond communes
quell as the world around vs evolves, with
cimote chonge in paricuior becoming
increasingly more pressing, ovr srotegic
Choices are more than ever informed and
supported by our desire todo the right thing
‘ond o play our pat in addressing he key
issves fcing the world and society

We have ¢ clear strategy and quantifiable
_gools across our four responsibilty
commitments - Acting with Integrity,
Respecting the Environment, Supporting
Healthy Living ond Giving Back. Whether i's
urincreased use of recycled moterials, our
increasing number of women in leadership
roles or our charitable giving, we are
committed to delivering against our
long-term responsibilly strategy

STRATEGY IN ACTION

Building Great Brands.

For Everyone.

IRN-BRU
Scotland's #1 Grocery Brand!

Total business Market
revenue share share*

33%

1.3%

ond->

Rubicon
‘The fastest growing OFC* brand in the UK?

Totalbusiness Market
revenue shar share*

21% 0.8%

More information on po

Challenger Brands
Abroad porttalio of challenger brands
including owned brands such as Barr
Flavours, KA, MOMA, Rio, Simply Fruity,
Strathmore and Sun Exotic plus franchise
brands Bundaberg and Snapple.

More information on page 16>

2 Source RVolveSols, Total Marat Lot Ste thJon25
31 Source: cone S61G8 and Canvaiance NStn/un

venue share

Strategic Report

‘Atthe head of our brand portfolio are our four Core Brands ~

Corporate Governance

‘Accounts

‘As a businass we recognise that he power of our brands lesin the power of our people
tend thet with power comes responsibilities tothe planet and the communities in which
we ive. We ore proud of our heritage and of who we are. They provide the foundations
for our ambitious vision for growth and give us the confidence thot our plon will deliver.

IRN-BRU, Rubicon, Boost nd

FUNKIN. These brands represent 76% of total business revenue, have the mos significant
growth opportunities, and are where we inves! the mojority of our marketing activities.

Boost
Atop 3 sport drink and
energy stimulation brand?

Total business Market
revenue share

12% 0.5%

‘Moreinformotion en pogo 4->

FUNKIN
UK's #1 Cockteil Brond *

Total business Market

10% 21%

‘More information. 18

Market Shore Source icon har of tl Uta drinks mort 5 wee

2 Jenvary2028 (vole)

1S Markt Shore Source Naluen PRE MOKED ALCONOUC ORIN Total Impuln MAT 28123024 ~ cochelypaiie SKUs only

AG. BARR plc. Annual Report a

STRATEGY IN ACTION
CONTINUED

An
indescribable
brand with a
phenomenal
taste

An iconic brand with #1
unique taste. IRN-BRU offers
consumers choice - Regular, Scotland's

Sugar Free, XTRA, PWR-BRU MOST LOVED &
‘CHOSEN BRAND'

and 1901 - all containing
the same IRN-BRU essence,

bru'd to a secret recipe of Top 5

Atop 5 national
‘corbonate brand?

32 flavours since 1901.