AG Barr

BUILDING
GREAT
BRANDS

nN

nts 2026

Annual Report and Accou

INTRODUCTION

AG Barr is a UK based branded beverage
business focused on growth and long-term
shareholder value.

Ambitious and value-driven, with a strong

consumer focus, we are brand owners and
builders, offering a broad and differentiated

portfolio of brands that people love.

Established 150 years ago in Scotland, now operating across
the UK and with export markets throughout the world, we
strive to grow our business through our existing brands and
through targeted acquisitions. Employing around 1,000
people across the UK, we are proud to be a responsible
business that listens to consumers, builds lasting relationships
with customers, fakes care of our people, values diversity,
gives something back to our communities and works to
minimise our environmental impact. | am delighted to present
‘our annual report for the 53 weeks ending 31 January 2026.
ltdemonstrates a year of significant progress in which we
have delivered great results whilst atthe same time laying
strong foundations for future growth. Looking forward, | am
energised by the opportunity to drive growth in the business
and am confident that our fantastic team across all parts of
the business can achieve ths.

Euan Sutherland
Chief Executive Officer

Our Brands

ur brand poriflio is centred on our core

sot drinks brands ~ IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boos!
Complementing these is our broad portfolio

of oer brands, which has been strategically
‘expanded ihis year through argeled MBA.

The ecquisions of Innale-Essence and Frobishers
during FY25/26 and Fenlimans in early FY26/27
has futher broadened our porto, strengthening
‘our presence inthe growih calegories of
functional drinks and premium socialising

Find out more about out brands on page 13-4

Our Strategy
(Our overarching purpose
is Building great brands
Foc eveyone’

Read abou! our strategy on page 12+

Our Sustainability

We ake our environmental responsibliies
seriously, continuously seeking to minimize our
impact onthe world whether through carbon and
energy reduction, water and waste conirol actions
or the reduction of our environmental impact
through areas such as packaging

Re ribily report on page 30+

SirtgicRopert | Govonce Raped |‘ Stemants
STRATEGIC REPORT FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS"
Fanci 1
: £ 3 3 1 8%
.
8 4 7. m A. (0)
0 +4.0% +120 bps
@
3
3
3
3
2 .om om
28% 07%
bourd af Deas »
‘Audit and Risk Committee Report 7 y
omanraion Repo va 20 % £ 1
= . (o) °
ote 22.3
Indpandant Adio
serene etree m
‘Statements of Comprehensive Income 141 PER SHARE®* (EPS)
fw Sten ie . soe
iaecis hoon a 2%
ona Wasa m2
ihe on omurene vin ogreco Se
For the online exper ba aco are grovided in the Glossary on pages 191 10 194.
copmmncennne 1, Pamela Mae oat pte
Sere sate doting hw recent od ged
reer eee oes rien, fer morhomeon on sn pga 29+
pone peieminr ohereirrern ie metal
Pritts ef ec

A. BARR ple. Anmsl Report an Accounts 2026

‘A.6. BARR pile, Annu Ropor and Accouns 2026

y

1875

CELEBRATING 150 YEARS

Ho IRON BREW

O ss launched
oO

rc

1947

Robert Barr
began producing
and selling aerated waters, IRN-BRU was born

195

BARR “invade”
England

1965

Listing on the London
Stock Exchange

Cumbernauld
site opens

1996

SO
©

ON ien.sru “Made from
TT Girders” campaign

2008

Acquisition of Rubicon

2013

Milton Keynes
site opens

2015

Cocktails on deck:
FUNKIN acquisition

MOMA and BOOST
brands acquired

2022

Strategic Report

2025

W AG. “Annual Report and j 6

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Fentimans is acquired

Acquisitions of
Innate-Essence
and Frobishers

AT A GLANCE

OUR PURPOSE IS

BUILDING GREAT BRANDS.
FOR EVERYONE.

A.6. BARR pl. Ans Report ad Accoun 2026

a

WE DO THAT THROUGH OUR STRENGTHS

Our people

We work clleborativey, enjoy high levels
of calleague engagement and tke pride

in our alered, dedicated leams who are

the foundation of our success

c.1,000

Our brands

Wie pide curses on our broad and
differentiated portfolio of branded products
thal meet the changing needs of our
consumers and offer ret choice and abe,

3

Our suppliers

Wie work in partnership wih our key
suppliers to ensure high quay products thot
are souced and manufactured ina a,
ethical and envionment responsible wa.

1,500+

Our locations

(Our business operates from four primary hubs which
ace strategically located across the UK - Cumbernauld,
Middlebrook (Bolton), Miton Keynes and London. Our
‘operations teams are based al our Cumbernauld and
Miton Keynes siles where we have manufacturing,
‘warehousing and distribution actives. In November
£2025 we opened a new corporae office in London
which will support improved coleague collaboration,
customer engagement and business growth
‘opporturites. In addition o our four hubs, the
Innate-Essence business is based in Chatteris where
we have an office and operational faci

5

EMPLOYEES GROUP-WIDE
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT
RISING TO 81%

CORE SOFT DRINKS BRANDS
ALONGSIDE A BROAD
PORTFOLIO OF STRONG
CHALLENGER BRANDS

SUPPLIERS

UK sites

REFRESHINGLY RESPONSIBLE

For 150 years, we've cultivated a positive,
resultsdriven and supportive culture. As we
continue to grow both organically and through
acquisitions, we're carefully retaining the unique
spirit of each dynamic addition to AG Barr.

Atthe same time, we're committed to celebrating our heritage
and nurturing the true essence of AG Barr — qualities that
have always made it an exceptional organisation.

‘OUR FOUR Key COMMITMENTS
We act with integrity
We respect the environment
We support healthy living
We give back

Read out responsibiliy report on page 30+

Fox mare information on our people, cure and employee vals
See pages 3410.37

Strategic Report

Governance Repo

Finencil Sttements

‘A.G. BARR ple, Anns Repo end cours 2028

a

[A.G. BARR plc. Anno Report and Accounts 2028

o

CHAIR STATEMENT

A_YEAR OF
STRONG
STRATEGIC
PROGRESS

‘Susan Barratt
Interim Chair

The Board is pleased with the business’ performance
and results in the year and is confident of delivering
further progress, in line with our growth plans,

in FY26/27 and beyond.

Overview
FY25/26 has been 2 year of song sal
progress and financial delivery for AG Barr. The
Board is pleated wih he business’ performance
and resus in he year and are confident of
delivering futher progress, inline with our growth
plans, in FY26/27 and beyond.

Market context & strategic progress
‘Across the year the soft drinks market once again
demonstrated is resilience. I remains a large,
{growing category wilh helpful defensive
characteristics as a low-cost everyday purchase for
consumers - even during periods of economic
tuncerainly. Al the same lime, consumer preferences
are evolving and our operaing environment
Continues to change, creating both opportunities
{and challenges for the Group. Navigaling input cost
volatility, highly competitive markets and regulalory
developments requires careful oversight and
disciplined execution,

‘The Board believes AG Barr is well positioned inthe
‘market wilh defined strategic growth drivers,
‘operating excellence and a irackrecord of financial
discipline. The Group combines an increasingly
diversified portfolio of marketleading UK brands,
‘rong cash generation, a robust balance sheet and
{an integrated operaing model with control over
supply chain and customer service. We continue

to build on the strengths of our established
business model.

During the yes, the busines increased levels of
commercial and operational investment fo dive
‘growth We carefuly considered the impact of
pricing stalegy across our brands, and actions were

taken to strengthen our brand equiy and ensure
‘margin discipline. While these decisions had a
shorterm negative volume impact, they were taken
witha clear focus on delivering sustainable,
profiable growth over he longterm

In terms of brands andthe customer proposition, he
Board regularly reviews brand performance metrics,
the innovation pipeline and consumer trends fo ensure
thal he portfolio remain aligned fo sructural growh
‘opportunities. The Board also regulary evaluales MBA
‘opportunites, which is year included expansion into
the Functional healthy hydration and premium
socialising segmens through three acqusions.

ve Capital Markets Day in une 2025 was an
importa’ milesione in ariclaing ou refreshed
stalegy and ambiion. We ae ambitious for growth
and ae confident in bth the market opportunity
ard inthe Groups capabities to deliver our
stategy We ace commited 1 providing clear and
transparent updates on our progress.

Board

Strong governance remains a priory. Dr Rohit
Dhawan joined the Board as a Non-Execuive
Director during the year, bringing valuable
experience and perspective, particularly wih
regards to data, Al and digital ransformation across
‘consumer industries, We also announced that Mack
‘Allen OBE stepped down from the role of Non-
Execulive Chair due to other increased
Ccomitmens. | would lke to thank Mark for his
Contribution during bs five years withthe business
and wish him every success for he fulure. The Board
has initiated an independen! process to pul in place
‘a new Non-Executive Chair, and this is progressing

inlice with expectation. | will act as lnerim Chair
until a successor has been appointed and Louise
‘Smalley, Non-Executive Directo, will serve as Senior
Indezendent Director during this interim period. The
transition has been well-managed and smoolh, and
the Board continues lo operate with stabily,
independence and constructive challenge.

Responsibility

Responsibly and sutainabily remain embedded
within our governance framework. The Board
‘oversees pregress agains! our commitments via our
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Board
sub-committee. This includes carbon reduction
targes, packaging changes which reduce he impact
on the environment and readiness for regulatory
evelopments. During the year, the Group enhanced
transparency and continued to make measurable
progress. We remain clear tha esponsble and
wwel-governed businesses are betler positioned lo
deliver durable, long-term value

People, culture and values

People and culture are fundamental fo out longerm
success, The Board regulary meets colleagues
through a range of forums and discusses engagement,
diversity and talent developmen. lis encouraging 0
28 conlinued improvement in engagement scoves
and progces in dversily mekics, eluding female
‘represeniation in leadership roles. This cultural
‘evolution suppars effective salegy execution and
vnderpins future performance.

Capital allocation and dividend
Disciplined capital allocation is central to our
business strategy and responsibilis 10
shareholders. We rigorously reviewed investment
across orand development, supply chain
‘optimisalion and systems infasiructure, ensuring that
c2pial is depleyed i ine wih strategic priors
‘and expected returns. The Board also oversaw MBA
‘acivly comple'ed during the year, assessing

ona mara wit nati re non GAAP meses,
Delis ed lean econlaons are proved it
the Glossary on paps 11 8.

strategic fi and integration plansing wile
imainaiing financial lexbily. We are delighted to
welcome Innate-Essence, Frobishers and Fenlimans
into the AG Barr Fail

Reflecting the Group's performance and stiong
balance sheet, he Board is recommending a final
dividend of 18.27p per share, bringing the total
dividend* for he year to 1871p, an increase of
110% on the prior year (F¥24/25: 1686p). Tis is
<onsisen! wih our dividend policy and confidence
in the Groups long erm prospects,

Looking ahead

[AG Barr enters the new financial yaar wih momentum.
Considerable work has been compleled over he past
yeor to lay song foundations fr future growih. The
Board expecis the coming year fo demonsirae futher
strategic progres, wih clear miestones across
innovation, chanel expansion, and execution of our
inorganic growth salegy through inlegratin of recent
‘acquisitions. We are investing forthe future through
‘our manufacturing sls to improve both volume
ceapacily and forma capably. We are also focused
‘on investing in alent tal levels of he organisation,
‘The Board is confident inthe Group's abil to deliver
‘roth ahead of the marke whilst manaining financial
dlscipine and continuing to generale sustainable
reluns for shareholders.

‘On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank our
colleagues for their contribution over the pas! year,
‘and fo thank our customers, suppliers and
shareholders for ther continued suppor We are
proud ofthe progress made and are confident in
the future of AG Bar.

Zh MH

‘Susan Barratt
31 March 2026

jeRoport —|_——Governance Repo’ |—_—Financal Statoments

150 YEARS OF AG BARR

To celebrate our 150th birthday this year, we held family Fun
ay partes fo all our colleagues and their loved ones,
‘opening the doors of our faclores so that our colleagues!
families could see where the magic happens and experience
a taste of life at AG Barr.

‘A.G. BARR ple. Arm Ror and Accounts 2026

N

A.0. BARR pc. Ann! Repor and Accounts 2026

co

INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS

WHY INVEST IN US?

We have a broad and broadening portfolio of market-leading
UK brands alongside a long track-record of financial discipline

and profitable growth.

INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS

O1

STRONG FINANCIAL
RESULTS AND GOOD
MOMENTUM

Delivered a strong financial performance
in FY25/26; good progress made towards the
‘new key strategic drivers offering considerable
growth opportunities; entering FY26/27

with momentum

O04

CONSIDERABLE GROWTH
OPPORTUNITIES

Penetration headroom across all bran
considerable scaling opportunites in
innovation, channel expansion and incro
geographical coverage; an acct
development of the new product pipelin
including for FY26/27.

02

(CLEAR GROWTH STRATEGY
WITH LOW EXECUTION RISK

‘Comprehensive strategy to deliver above market
‘growih rates and double the business; no change
to business model; a continuation of long
standing exper

05

MORE MEANINGFUL
M&A STRATEGY TO
ELEVATE GROWTH

‘More meaningful MBA strategy to elevate organic
‘growih levels and increase addressable market
through extending into new market segments
without cannibalising the existing portfolio.

‘We have a refreshed and more meaningful
ambition, based on our new strategic growth

divers, fo support above market growih rates,
‘efficiencies and increasing shareholder returns.

03

BROAD PORTFOLIO

OF MARKET-LEADING

UK BRANDS

‘An increasingly broad portfolio of market-
leading UK brands supported by new and
refreshed marketing strategies; IRN-BRU now

‘accounts for 32% of total revenue; 16 brands
within the portfolio.

06

FOCUS ON GROWING
SHAREHOLDER RETURNS.

Disciplined capital allocation which optimises
return on investment; focus on consistent profit
‘and earnings per share growth; dividend
aligned with profit performance; and increasing
overall shareholder returns

MARKET OVERVIEW

| Governance Report | Financial Statements

Whilst the UK soft drinks market continues to be stable and resilient overall, there

are a number of evolving dynamics w

hich are influencing our strategy and activities:

The Value of Brands

What we are seeing:
Intimes of high costoflving, consumers gravitate
toward "affordable teats” and brands they rst.

‘What we are doing:
‘We are leveraging the trust and reputation of our core
brands like IRN-BRU fo maintain loyalty, while using a clear
priceppack architecture strategy 1 ensure our products
Femain accessible across all social demographics.

The "Sober Curious” Shift

What we are seein
Many adults are moderating their alcoho! intake
‘Consequently there is high demand for premium non-
‘alcohol alternatives which have a similar complexity and
social experience to alcoholic drinks

What we are doing:
‘Our premium brands - Bundaberg and recent acquisitions
Fenlimans and Frobisher - are perfectly positioned here.
‘We are expanding the distribution ofthese brands through
‘our crosschannel approach, and are continually looking
to develop the products and flavours we offer consumers
to meet the higher demand for nonlcaholic aernaives.

Resilience Amid Inflation

What we are seeit
Energy costs are volatile and core ingredients and logistics
costs remain high, applying pressure to industry margins.

What we are doing:

ur fully integrated business model gives us control over
cut Supply Chain. We work collaboratively with our
supplies to ensure we have the righ balance of supply
security, quality and price. Our multiyear manufacturing
investment programme is improving our capability and
efficiency by enabling improved manufacturing pecformance
and extending our made product range to those curently
supplied by third-parties. Al ofthis ensuces we effectively
‘manage our costs, hereby supporting and growing margins

The Wellness Evolution

What we are seeing:

‘The market has moved beyond just “Low Sugar."
Consumers increasingly seek functional benefits from
dink including energy, immunity and natural vitality

What we are doing:

We are broadening our portfolio to meet the consumer
demand for functional, “beterforyou" drinks through
both innovation within the existing brand portfolio (eg.
Rubicon Spring Vits) and acquiring brands with a strong
growth profile inthis space e.g. The Turmeric Co
acquired as pac ofthe InnateEssence business)

Regulation including HFSS

(High fat, sugar or salt)

What we are seeing:
Tightening legislation on sugar and
advertising is shaping the retail landscape.

What we are doing:

We view regulation as a catalyst for innovation. With a
portfolio that is aleady highly non HESS compli
ahead ofthe curve, ensuring our brands romain frontand-
centre for consumers and fully compliant with regulation

Climate & Continuity

What we are seeing:
Stakeholders demand transparent pathways to Net Zer
hile volatile weather patterns tet supply chain resilience.

What we are doing:
Committed to Net Zero by 2050, we ae investing in
sustainable infrastructure, including solar generation and
host pump technology at ou key sites. Our ESG Commitee
verses these inaves and we are diversiying our

10 ensure a robust supply chain

A.G.DARR phe, Aa Rapon and Account 2025

°

‘5.6. BARR ple. Anos! Report and Accounts 2026

3

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

WHAT WE DO:

FIRST AND
FOREMOST

WE BUILD,
NURTURE AND
GROW GREAT
BRANDS

We also believe that how we operate
sets us apart from the competition.

With 150 years of history and heritage we
believe we have a unique blend of experience
and entrepreneurialism — all of which is built
on our longstanding desire to act responsibly.

WE
MAKE.

‘We pride ourselves on our safe and effective
manufacturing operations. We produce high
qualily producis across our well-invesied and
elficient production sites in Cumbernauld and
Milton Keynes. We have long;slanding capabiliies
in cans, plastic, cartons and glass, and produce
over 80% of soft drinks products in-house. Our
capital invesiment programme continues 10
progress. We plan fo insource the Boos! Sport
product range in 2026, and will complete the
Boos! insourcing programme by the end of 2027.
We source all raw materials for the products we
make, with a particular competency in exotic Fruit,
develop our own recipes and design all our
packaging - all underpinned withthe aim of
reducing our ervironmenial impact and delivering
Continuous improvement

WE
MOVE.

Operating across multiple routes to market,
through both in-house capabilites and strategic
third party logistics experts, we have a well
eslablished and efficient distribution network
servicing our diverse sales channels

WE BEHAVE RESPONSIBLY

Underpinning everything we do is our belief that
how we act reflects who we are. We take our
;ponsbiliies seriously and continuously strive to

sustainable and responsible business that
listens to our consumers, takes care of our people,
values diversity, works 1o minimise our

ironmental impact and gives something back 1o
-ommunities we serve. We have an important
‘le to play inthe transition to a low carbon and
climate-resilient economy and this has become an
increasingly important and integral part of our
overall AG Bare business model