Annual report AGBarr
and accounts 2023 Fait ancnt snare?

Introduction

A.G. Barr is a UK-based branded multi beverage
business focused on growth and the creation of
long-term shareholder value.

Ambitious and valve driven, with strong consumer
focus, we are brand owners and builders, offering
adiverse and differentiated portfolio of brands
that people love.

Established over 145 years ago in Scotland, now
operating across the UK and with export markets
throughout the world, we strive to grow our business
both organically and through targeted acquisition.

Employing over 1,000 people across four business units
and ten UK locations, we are proud to be a responsible
business that listens to our consumers, builds lasting
customer relationships, takes care of our people, values
diversity, gives something back to our communities and
works to minimise our environmentalimpact:

Our locations

@ oottices
Curernauig— Hea Orfice: Bon (Bar Sot
Drinks: Carrden FUNKIN), Depttona (MOMA
Leeds oost

Barr Soft Drinks

© Factories
Coumberauld Miton Keynes: Foray

© Distribution contres
Compernovie ir Keynes

© Distribution depots
Dagenham, Moston: Wednesbury

‘Farmareinformation visit qur website asharr.co.ukC]

VWial lerareavss

SS
‘Strategic Report Corporate Governance Accounts

Purpose, values and culture
In this report

Our purpose is:

To create value, with values - Strategic Report :
for our shareholders, consumers, panei i
customers and for society as a whole Dares 4
Gavimencien 7
We do this by: Face pa RT i
Building great brands Soxatopyinactn 8
poner 3%
1
1
a
ur business purpose has avays een
underpinned by svong values. We Corporate Governance
Deieve rathow we act elects wa oocae *
and what we are We stv to behave po Come H
responsibly across our four cove values: ‘Ruait are Risk Commitee Repo =.
Dreciors Remwneration Resor 89
for over 45 years we nave developed Sra heat
2 postive, eslt-aven and spore cme beso Ragen Tet
trgarically and through acquistion Accounts
enveprenevialspitotinenew ana Acting with Remmeasincewepies =” a
exciting adaitions to our Group, write ‘integrity ‘Consotebedineome surement 8
also ensuring that we continue to vaiue Siatemenis ol Financial Post cI
and nurture the unique essence of . Serena ot Cong so
what makes AG. Barr a great business, ‘Staremeri of Cran 4a
ocmere information nowt psaple,sulture Ghossory 188
‘hdansoyevalstaeagoeraetosd"> ‘canto CRIP earey

Corporate Governance
‘Gur seton 17201 semen’ setting how De
ection 17a aenenperlrmang thew sues

Supporting under section 172 of the Con
healthy living sini capocecne

fdr Mane nincorported
Strategie Report.

30.47

421.4%

Womenin Leadership

38%

£43.5m 75%
Bip 2

No Time Te Waste Environmental
Sustainobility Programme

100%
seeped ae pnoved

‘ang our first 100% recycled plastic
bottles in market.

Employee engagement

inks aria MOMA,

Ie Wear

Our investment case

Strong core brands with
challenger mentality

05)

Responsible
and sustainable

Ambitious with
value-driven strategy
Disciplined
capital allocation

|

<<
Strategic Report

Corporate Governance Accounts

—

FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OUR
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES
(Our business model can be found

Clear growth
on pages Band

opportunities

Financial
strength

Why
invest
in us?

AG.BARRP Le. Annual Re

Our business and brands

We are brand owners and builders, offering a diverse
and differentiated por folio of brands that people love.

Barr Soft Drinks se

‘Atour core is the Bart Soft Drinks business unit,
home to some of the UK's most loved soft
drinks brands

Whether it’s the iconic IRN-BRU, launched in 1901
and still going strong today, the vibrant RUBICON
fruit based brand or the unique range of BARR
flavours, Barr Soft Orinks' brands offer people a
choice of great tasting products and bring exciting
innovation to the market, available across

multiple channels.

Business units Number of brands

4 16

Employees

922

FUNKIN vor

Acquired Employees

1999 2015 42

(Our FUNKIN business unit operates within the exciting
and growing cocktail market.

Real fruit means authentic taste and FUNKIN believes
that to shake the best cocktail you have to use'the best
ingredients. That's why they use the best fruit to create
their premium products, famous amongst top
bartenders, Now the UK's number 1 cocktail brand
FUNKIN provides innovative and unique purées, syrups.
mixers and ready to drink cocktails, for behind the bar
‘and at home. Making ordinary moments extraordinary.

—L
‘Strategic Report Corporete Governonce Accounts

Number of employees UK Sites >

1,014 10 yerommenrvon on 948 ut

can pe found st www.agharrcouk/our-brands

MOMA 2006 2022 16

MOMA uses a blend of the highest quality
wholegrain jumbo oats that give its oat drinks a
full-bodied flavour and its porridge a distinctively
creamy texture

MOMA believes in crafting simple, natural

ingredients into food and drink that tastes awesome,

because alittle extra skill and care turns ‘good for
into ‘great

Boost 2006 2022 34

(Our BOOST business is always looking for new trends
‘and to appeal to the evolving tastes of drinkers.

Proud to offer an exciting range of flavours across
several functional drinks categories ~ Energy
Stimulation, Sport and Iced Coffee ~ BOOST enjoys

a very strong position within the UK independent retail
Channel and has an exclusive sales and distribution
partnership with the fruit drinks brand RIO.

A.G.OARR Pe. AnnuctReportand Accounts 2025,

Chair's introduction

66

lam incredibly proud to have taken

on the role of Chair at A.G. Barr. !am
delighted to report that the business
has made excellent progress in pursuit
of both its strategic objectives and its
short-term operating performance.

99

Mark Allen OBE
Chair

Overview
Following the challenges of the global pandemic we
had all hoped for @ period of more stability and pethaps
some return to normality, however the tragic events in
Unraine nave led directly toa significant level of human,
suttering and we have al el 9 sense of collective gre
We have also seen the rise of global economic
Uncertainty, rampant inflation and the resultant cost

of ving criss impacting corsumers and businesses.

‘Against this dificult backdrop the whole tearm across
tne AG. Barr Group nas delivered an excellent
performance. Reported revenue grew by 18.2%
year-on-year and we finished the year with adjusted
profit before tax* of £43,5m, 12.3% ahead of ne
prior year.

Highlights during the year included:
+ Strong growth aci0ss our solt drinks portfolio
{a consumers retuir to more establisned
purchasing patterns, post pandemic
+ Innovation ana growth in cocktails across all
channels as FUNKIN consolidated its position as the
Nummer 1 cocktail brand in the UK take hore market
+The strength of our balance sheet, our clear strategy
{and scalabie business model have supported the
exciting acquisition of Boost Drinks and the early
compietion of our planned acquisition of the
remaining equity in MOMA Foods

The entice AG. Barr team has remained focused on
elivering our brand building strategy, investing for
(growin and creating a business we are proud ot.

Dividend
The Board is pleased to maintain its progressive
divideno policy and recommends a final divioend
Cf 10.6p per share 10 aive a proposed total dividend
for the full year of 13. per share. The final dividend
is payabve on 9 June 2023 to shareholders on the
Register of Memoers at the close of business on

12 May 2023, The ex-dividend date is 14 May 2023.

period we said a fond farewell to John
Nicolson who I succeeded in the role of Chair in March
2022. Ichas been a pleasure (0 Wansition into the role
working alongside our diverse, experienced and
capable Board and management team.

‘Succession planning is an important Board
responsivity ard with that in mind | can confirm that
after over 62 years with the business, Robin Barr has
informed me of ris intention to step down from tne
Board at tne Annual General Meeting in 2023. Rooin
epitomises all that i great ir, UK corporate leadership
knowiedge, honesty, balance, commitment and
capability, not 0 mention experience and a great sense
(of humour. We will all miss Robin's counsel and
camaragerie but after 58 years on the Board we can
understand his decision. | am delighted to announce
that Julie Barr wil elinquish her Company Secretariat
duties to join the Board as a Non-Executive Director.
Julie, who has been with the Company for 18 years,
{ands a qualified corporate lawyer, wil stand for
election at the Annual General Meeting in May.

We will continue to seek to strengthen the capatility,
diversity and experience of our Board as we grow and
develop the Company.

Responsibility

AG. Barr has always put responsible benaviour at ne
rreart of its business ano the last year has seen furth
excellent progress across our core areas of focus.

(Our environmental sustainability programme No Time
‘To Waste has continued to drive innovative thinking ang
actions across a wide range of areas. We have now
‘agreed and validated our science-based targets as we
head towards our net-zero ambition. We have increased
‘our use of more sustainable packaging and are taking

2 very active role in tne run up to the launch of the
Deposit Return Scheme (DRS) in Scotian9, planned for
‘August 2023,

‘StrategicRepert

Peopte and culture
I believe that A.G, Barr has a unique and postive culture
‘whicr although longstanding, is embodied, nurtured
‘and developed by the executive leadership team. With
high levels of colleague engagement across the Group.
each operating business has its own unique feel, but
‘are all connected by some shared A.G. Barr culturat
Characteristics ~ a challenger mentality, a people frst
approach and a drive for performance.

Whilst we have performed weil as a Group, in these
cchatienging times we recognise that many of our team.
are facing @ period of difficulty and where possibie we
have taken steps to support our colleagues. Where
appropriate we have tried to make our working patterns
a5 flexible as possible, We continue to provide mental
health suppor: to those who want our help and made
two special cost of living paynvents during the course
Cf the year 0 those in our business who need it most.
We are equally as proud of our values an behaviours
as we are of our performance.

Prospects
There remain many headwinds to consider as we look
forward, however lam confident that the brand
‘momentum, quality and strategy of the business will
ccontirue to deliver superior returns to shareholders for
‘many years to come.

Bw

Mark Allen OBE
Chair
28 March 2023

+ hems maraea ian astaise are non-GAAP measures. Detintions and relevant

recenciiaiont ate rowel in te Glossary on pages 19 19 208,

—<
Corporate Governance

—s
Accounts

Creating value

Basic Eornings Per Share
Reported profit attributabie to equity
holders divided by weighted average
number of shares in issue.

Dividend
Toial dividend declared for the full year
‘excluding any special dividend.

Our business model
— WHAT WE DO

First and foremost we build great brands. We also

believe that how we operate sets us apart from the

ao Wa i ke... We move.
competition. With more than 145 years of history and Wema
heritage, coupled with a track record of successful Weprdecursehesonow ateandetectie | Operating across mine
¢ 4 : ‘manufacturing capabiities, We produce high quality routes to market, we have a
acquisitions, we believe we have a unique blend of products across our well-invested and ficient Garr well established and efficient
experience and entrepreneurialism - all of which is Soft Drinks production stesin Cumbernaald, distribution network servicing
built on our longstanding desire to act responsibly. Forfar and Milton Keynes. With glass, carton, our diverse sales channels
plastic and can capabilly, we produce ove"99% of Our Bar Direct channel
Barr Soft Drinks products in-house. We also now in particular sets us apart,
produce FUNKINs unique ritwo-infused ready to by offering a tailored and
Our people Our fleet/network ‘drink cocktails in cans at Milton Keynes. We source personal direct to store service
1014 65 allour raw materias, wth a particular competency _to thousands of independent
9 in erotic fruit develop our own recipes and design _ retailers across the UK
weds now vga Coup win rou ova ee ot moe an, wicks packaging at ondereinned ath ine aot
Cur ousness unit eaciovinis own 6S yences ae eas orgsaraing sraciaciog = at rdecrinned wih tne in
Sine eam ands ow uigue feaversnps wor key tst09 feducing our environmental impact and delivering
Cuinwe Rowevewratwe slave, pasar our business moos supports continuous improvement
across ire AG Barr Group eapostive Gurome to gelver great service roa our
Challenger maraity anda focie ‘mtomers, hom the biggest o0d sevice
nvesats Whether ts curnewer _csternartothe smal local shop
Colleagues at MOMA or our
finerenced tom at Bor Soft Orcks, Our direct suppers
sre nave 9 posvon for ovrproaucts
Jno a bebe tnt we con secceee
Scnanenmauiccestessescon — TO#
Compettors Ve workcolaborowvey, We workin partnership with our
enjoy high eves of employee ey supers oceraure nigh auaiy
tngagerent andre rovtol our —_—produets Mat are sourced ans
Gsleneaand commited earswio —-manuracluredina a, ecal and
de centaltoour success. tenvronmentalresporaee way FUNMIN' ready to deni cans now
produced at Miton Keynes.
Our brands (ur UK locations
Ourbrards ae as speci as our people. We operate across ten UK sites ovr
Fromme unique arte oF RN-BRUY0 Cumbernauig ste shorneo our
the remumearualiy of ue FUNKIN. ead Otce aswel os Bo ott Dns
Cocktis, we pie ourselves on out manufacturing, warenoving ard sales
Gnerseandailereniatee powlouo ices and across ine ext cl tne UK
Storonaed prose tatmeetite weave ctfces a Baton, Coden
ranging reeds o'ourcocsimers ard Leeds and Depo. two Wrter
Gitergrestenoce and vate We ten” manuigluing lactis a Pitan
Carey out Consumers id. 38 _Keynes and Fer. an tee regonat
vend Curent a ne sie de Soe eett UUndergrring everyting we x ou bit that Pow we
andinnovatasetsrcurpontonewin Wednesbury ano Bagertars, We behave actretlects wo we ae, We ake our respanubtesverouty
Greatviy, pace ardinaght . She contnoutystve tbe» soainabe and reponse
9 responsibly. business hat listens o ovr consvine's. takes care of out

ecple. wives cversiy, works lo unimise our environrnental
Impact 390 gives something back'o the communities we
serve, We have an important roe to playin the wanstion
toa low eamhon and cimate-resent economy fd iss

We market.

From IRN-BRU’s signature style of
‘maverick adverts to Boost's connection
with sporting activity, when it comes to
marketing, innovating and building our
brands we like to have some fun and to
appeal to the widest possible range of
‘consumers. Whether through mainstream
advertising, digital and social media,
‘sponsorship or supporting local
‘community events, we use our creativity
‘and consumer insight to deliver distinctive
‘and memorable brand building

retailer,

Leecoming an increasingly important and integra part ef ou
‘overalAG. Barr business model

‘Ourresponsibie benaviour also encompasses cur
‘management of isk, ensuring tnat we ae thinking aheas ard
‘aking mitigating actions fo minimise any potential mpact on
‘our business. We nave a robust risk management framework in
place tna  emoeaded across the business, allowing a wide

Building long-lasting relationships
with our customers across all our
key markets is fundamental to our
business, Whether its a large food

wholesaler, a regional
restaurant groug or a local
independent retailer, we work
collaboratively with all our customers
to understand their businesses and
find winning consumer propositions
ina practical and profitable way.

Corporate Governance

‘Accouns

— WE CREATE VALUE, WITH VALUES...

We sell...

Our business modet has proven successful for more

than 145 years and cor

long-term business growth,

£13.9m

1970 suppliers with an annuat

spend of over £10

70+

‘ange of employees at ciferertievels to contribvie to our risk
assessment and assurance processes. In the past 2 months
Wwe have Laken action in respons to a urbe ol dentilied risks,
Including making adational payments to some employees in
the context of the UKs cost of living criss 95 well 9 Ceasig
"raging itn customers in Rusia the ors ofthe wa in Ukraine

jinues to create and:
value, with values, to a wide range of stakeholders.

£13.9m of dividends paid during
the year. £170m re-invested in

£44,2m

through annual capital expenditure

£44.2m

With 96% of our revenue
generated in the UK, and through
‘our £6.8m corporation tax and
£5.4m national insurance
payments to the government,

‘we continue to play our partin
{growing the UK economy while
also donating over £90k to good
‘causes across our communities

Years of responsible actions

145+

10

Our strategy

Our overarching purpose is to create value, with values - for our
shareholders, consumers, customers and for society as a whole.
We do this by building great brands.

Our strategic priorities bring this purpose
to life and set out the steps we take to build
great business with great brands.

Our stravegic pricriiries

Connecting with
consumers

Consumer insight crives our business.
‘Consumer preferences ae changing and
we take the ime to listen, tounderstand
and to respond proactively to ensure our
portfolio of brands constanty develops

fomeet our consumers changing needs.

[At an AG. Boer Group leet this insight is
2 key factor how we identity potential
‘cquistion opportunities. We monitor
consumer wends closely specifically

In relation to fast moving packages
consumer goods. specifically identilying
‘evelogmerts in the beverage sector

'3s well as emerging or high growin
Categories of interest.

‘Ata business unit level hese consumer
trends underpin our approach to
innovation, including product. packaging
‘and ingredients, 3s well as our consumer
fengagement and marketing activites,
Inthe past 12 montns we have places

3 particular focus on areas such as
‘igtal sales ana marketing as well as
‘sing our brands to raise awareness

(of our sustainability progress

Building
brands

Weare brand owners and builders,

¥ growing our ives and diferertated

brand portfolio Both organically ard,
rough acquisition,

For our existing portolo of powertul
‘ands we do this ina numoer of ways

= we innovate, we grow brand awareness,

{and loyalty through consumer

fengagementactivily, and we build our

‘product distribution through elective

Sales execution with customers.

‘Weare aso ambitious, wih a proven wack
record of suecesstuly acqutirg new brands.
‘Ourcore competency les in sof drinks.
however we have broadened our brand
pportflioin recent years with a particular
focus across the muli-beverage lancscape.

Driving efficiency

We continually stive for greater
effectiveness across our business
investing for growth and efficiency.
white also ensuring strong financiai
controls are in place.

From investmentin new software

platforms to an increasing focus on digital,

¥ evelopment and automation, a our

F ousiness develops. we are committed to

F eniving continuous improvement across
ur processes and intrasructute,

[And in our Barr Sol Drinks business unit
weave a wel-invested asset base where
$ we arve operationai improvements and

flexibility trough our expansionary capital
investment programmes, equipping us
with some of tie industys most efficient
‘operational capabilty

Building
trust

Building and maintaining long-lasting

sand successl relationships is cenval
to our business and always has been. Our
responsibie behaviour over the last 145,
{years has ereatee a firm founcation, upon
‘whieh we want to Bulla further

Being a trusted business that acts with
integrity is fundamental to our stakeholder
Felationships ~ from our consumers

‘and customers 1 our suppliers 3n6
‘communities. quay. 3s the world around
Us changes, with climate change in
particular Becoming increasingly more

F pressing, ou strategic choices are more

{man ever informes and supported by our
sire todo the right thing and to play our
Partin addressing the key esues facing
tme word and society.

We have a clear strategy and quontifiabhe
{goals across our four responsibility

commitments ~ Acting with integrity,

Respecting the Environment, Supporting
Healthy Living and Giving Back. Whether
Ws our increased use of recycied materials,
Cour increasing number of women in
leadership roles or our cnartabe givin.
we are committed todeivering against,
‘our long-term responsibly strategy