BETA Close X A.G. BARR plc has announced that Amanda Lorimer, a person closely associated with Chief Finance and Operating Officer Stuart Lorimer, sold 3,925 ordinary shares on April 2, 2026, at a price of 627.00 pence per share. This transaction involved a disposal of ordinary shares on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 07 April 2026 7 April 2026 A.G. BARR plc ('A.G. BARR' or 'the Company') Director/PDMR Shareholding A.G. BARR, the multi-beverage business with a broad portfolio of market-leading UK brands including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost, has been notified that on 2 April 2026 Amanda Lorimer, a person closely associated with Stuart Lorimer , Chief Finance and Operating Officer, sold a total of 3,925 ordinary shares of four and one-sixth pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 627.00p per Ordinary Share. Notification of a Transaction pursuant to Article 19(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a. Name Amanda Lorimer 2 Reason for notification a. Position/Status Person closely associated with Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance and Operating Officer b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name A.G. BARR plc b. LEI 213800QWTXXXF8BNEC87 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of four and one-sixth pence each GB00B6XZKY75 b. Nature of the transaction Disposal of Ordinary Shares c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 627.00 pence 3,925 d. Aggregated information - Aggregated Volume - Price N/A - single transaction e. Date of the transaction 2 April 2026 f. Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) For further information, please contact: A.G. BARR MHP GROUP 0330 390 3900 07801 894 577 ir@agbarr.co.uk agbarr@mhpgroup.com Euan Sutherland, Chief Executive Officer Oliver Hughes Stuart Lorimer, Chief Finance and Operating Officer Rachel Farrington Ewan Dytch, Corporate Finance Director Catherine Chapman About A.G. BARR: A.G. BARR (LSE: BAG, FTSE250) is a UK-based branded multi-beverage business with a diverse and differentiated portfolio of 16 brands, including IRN-BRU, Rubicon and Boost . Established 150 years ago in Scotland, the Company now operates across the UK, and with export markets throughout the world. A.G BARR is committed to being a brand owner and builder, with the ambition to double the size of the business through organic expansion and further M&A of leading brands. https://www.agbarr.co.uk/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and