BETA Close X A.G. BARR p.l.c. announced that its Chief Executive Officer, Euan Sutherland, Chief Finance & Operating Officer, Stuart Lorimer, Chief Legal & Sustainability Officer, Julie Barr, and Chief Supply Chain Officer, Karl Donnan, purchased ordinary shares on November 7, 2025, through the A.G. BARR All Employee Share Ownership Plan dividend reinvestment. Euan Sutherland acquired 2 shares for £13.48, Stuart Lorimer purchased 34 shares for £229.28, Julie Barr bought 47 shares for £316.94, and Karl Donnan obtained 12 shares for £80.92, all at a price of £6.7434 per share on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Barr(A.G.) PLC 10 November 2025 10 November 2025 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Euan Sutherland (Chief Executive Officer) Stuart Lorimer (Chief Finance & Operating Officer) Julie Barr (Chief Legal & Sustainability Officer) Karl Donnan (Chief Supply Chain Officer) 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status As per 1(a) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notifications 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name A.G. BARR p.l.c. b) LEI 213800QWTXXXF8BNEC87 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 4 ⅙ p each GB00B6XZKY75 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares in relation to the A.G. BARR All Employee Share Ownership Plan (AESOP) dividend reinvestment c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Euan Sutherland Stuart Lorimer Julie Barr Karl Donnan £6.7434 £6.7434 £6.7434 £6.7434 2 34 47 12 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 2 for Euan Sutherland 34 for Stuart Lorimer 47 for Julie Barr 12 for Karl Donnan £13.48 - Euan Sutherland £229.28 - Stuart Lorimer £316.94 - Julie Barr £80.92 - Karl Donnan e) Date of the transaction 7 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and