Appointment of Non-Executive Director Barr(A.G.) PLC 09 July 2025 IMMEDIATE RELEASE 9 July 2025 A.G. BARR p.l.c. ("A.G. BARR" or the "Company") Appointment of Non-Executive Director A.G. BARR, the branded multi-beverage business with a portfolio of market-leading UK brands, including IRN-BRU, Rubicon, Boost and FUNKIN, is pleased to announce that Dr Rohit Dhawan has been appointed as a Non-Executive Director, and will join the Board on 29 July 2025. Rohit brings over 25 years of experience to the Board, having had an exceptional career focused on transforming businesses through data, AI, and digital innovation, and brings deep expertise from across consumer industries. He is currently Group Head of AI at Lloyds Banking Group plc, having previously held senior roles across globally-renowned or-ganisations such as Amazon, Accenture, SAS, Deloitte, and IBM. Rohit will be a member of the Audit and Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. Mark Allen, Chair of A.G. BARR, commented: "On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to welcome Rohit to AG Barr. Rohit's experience in translating technical capabilities into commercial success will be invaluable as we focus on driving growth, and I look forward to working alongside him." AG Barr confirms that there is no further information to be disclosed under the requirements of Listing Rule 6.4.8R in relation to the appointment of Dr- Rohit Dhawan. For more information, please contact: A.G. BARR 0330 390 3900 Mark Allen, Chair MHP Group 07801 894 577 agbarr@mhpgroup.com Oliver Hughes Rachel Farrington Veronica Farah This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barr (A.G.) (BAG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and