Across The Markets: Sainsbury, Alliance Pharma, Clarkson 2025-01-10 09:15:15 (1 year ago) Related Companies: Sainsbury (J) (SBRY) , Clarkson (CKN) , Alliance Pharma (APH) Alliance Pharma AIM listed healthcare business Alliance Pharma saw its share price surge this morning following news that it had agreed buyout terms with an existing investor. The deal offers shareholders 62.5p per share in cash, a 41% premium to last night’s closing price. Shares in Alliance Pharma currently trading 38% up, so the bulk of that premium has already been priced in. J Sainsbury Supermarket group Sainsburys continued its sell off in early trade on Friday, taking losses for the week to more than 7% following the publication of its latest trading update . Whilst noting market share gains for a fifth consecutive Christmas period, concerns are running high regarding margins being squeezed, sluggish non food slaes along with rising labour costs, something that has been exacerbated by the company’s decision to reward staff with a 5% pay increase. The Sainsbury Share price is down by just over 2% at 9am. Clarkson Shipping services provide Clarkson was leading the FTSE-250 in early trade on Friday, in response to a trading update announcing modest increase in profit forecasts. Full year pre tax profits, which will be confirmed in March, are now expected to be no less than £115m. The Clarkson share price is trading almost 9% higher shortly after the open. Most read news on Investegate this morning Recommended Acquisition of Alliance Pharma plc - - Alliance Pharma (APH) Trading Statement - - Sainsbury (J) (SBRY) Transformational Farm-out Agreements - - Tower Resources (TRP) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 50 minutes ago Greggs 51 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and