BETA Close X J Sainsbury plc announced that Mark Given, Chief Technology, Marketing and Data Officer, acquired 40 ordinary shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan on 12 March 2026. The shares were purchased at a price of £3.42354 each, totaling £136.94. This transaction was notified in accordance with UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* Sainsbury(J) PLC 13 March 2026 13 March 2026 J Sainsbury plc (the 'Company') Notification of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ('PDMRs') The Company was notified that, on 12 March 2026, the following PDMR acquired ordinary shares of 28 4 / 7 pence each in the Company ('Shares') through participation in the Company's Share Incentive Plan (also known as SSPP). The Shares were purchased at £ 3.42354 each. PDMR Number of Shares acquired under the SSPP Mark Given 40 The Notification of Dealing Form can be found below. This notification is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. For further information, please contact: Caroline Phelan Assistant Company Secretary 0207 695 7959 Notification of dealing form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Mark Given 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Technology, Marketing and Data Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name J Sainsbury plc b) LEI 213800VGZAAJIKJ9Y484 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 28 4 / 7 pence each Identification code ISIN: GB00B019KW72 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Shares under the J Sainsbury plc Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.42 40 d) Aggregated information Aggregated price Aggregated volume £136.94 40 e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sainsbury (J) (SBRY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 51 minutes ago Greggs 52 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and