J Sainsbury plc

faa wu

Live well

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
J
"
i
1
1
i
1 for less
1

1

1

Our purpose is to help our customers
live well for less. It’s about helping
our customers get the most out of
life, no matter how much money or
time they have. We do this by giving
them easy, affordable access to the
things they need: like healthy food,
quality clothes, stylish homewares,
the latest technology and more
ways to manage their money. We do
all of this sustainably, so we can
help our customers live well today
and tomorrow.

We offer our customers distinctive, quality products

at competitive prices across food, general merchandise,
clothing and financial services. Driving efficiency in
our day-to-day operations enables us to invest in our
customer offer in areas that they value: choice, quality,
low prices, convenience and great service.

We have created a multi brand, multi channel business
that provides choice, flexibility and convenience for our
customers. We will continue to invest in both our digital
offer and our stores so that customers can buy more
and save time as well as money by shopping with us.

Strategic Report

01 Contents page

02 Chairman's letter

04 Chief Executive Officer's letter

06 Response to COVID-19

10 Business Model

12 The Market

14 Ourstakeholders

18 — Our 2020 Sustainability Plan

20. Ourstrategy

21 Our priorities

28 OurkPls

30 Financial Review

36 Our principal risks and uncertainties

Governance Report

48 Board of Directors

52 Operating Board

55 Board leadership and Company purpose

58 Division of responsibilities

59 Composition, succession and evaluation

64 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability
Committee Report

66 Audit, risk and internal control

72 Remuneration
78 Annual Report on Remuneration
90 Remuneration Policy

96 Additional statutory information

Financial Statements

100 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

101 Independent auditor's report to the
members of } Sainsbury plc

107 Consolidated Financial Statements

112 _ Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements

122 _ Income Statement Notes

136 Financial Position Notes

173 Cash Flow Notes

177 Employee Remuneration Notes

188 Additional Disclosures

194 Company Financial Statements

196 Notes to the Company Financial Statements

201 Additional shareholder information

205 Alternative performance measures

209 Glossary

Non-financial information
statement

We are pleased to set out below where you can
find information relating to non-financial matters
in our Strategic Report, as required under sections
414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006.

Environmental matters

18 — Our 2020 Sustainability Plan

27 Net Zero by 2040

Colleagues

14 Our stakeholders

26 Beaplace where we all love to work
Social matters

18 Our 2020 Sustainability Plan

26 Bea place where we all love to work
27 Net Zero by 2040

Human rights

26 Bea place where we all love to work

Anti-corruption and anti-bribery

26

Be a place where we all love to work

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020

Performance highlights

01

£32,394m

Group sales (inc VAT),
down 0.1 per cent

£586m

Underlying profit before tax,
down 2 per cent

(0.6)%

Group like-for-like sales

19.8p

Underlying basic earnings per share,
down 4.3 per cent

7.4%.

Return on capital employed

£255m

Statutory profit before tax,
up 26 per cent

£29m

Raised this year for local and national
causes, bringing the total to £359m

42%

Absolute reduction in carbon emissions
against our 2005 baseline

75%

Percentage of colleagues engaged,
based on results from our colleague
engagement survey

© Read more about our financial KPIs on page 28.

Reference to out policies. due diligence processes and information
(on how we are performing on various measures in these areas are
contained throughout the Strategic Report. Information on our
principal risks and uncertainties can be found on pages 36 to 47,
Information on our non-financial key performance indicators can

bbe found on 29 and a description of our business model can be found
(on pages 10 and 11.

Find out more at
www.about.sainsburys.co.uk/ar2020

02 Strategic Report

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020

Chairman’s letter

Chairman Martin Scicluna reviews the business activity in the year.

2019/20 highlights

£586m

Underlying profit before tax

7.4%

Return on capital employed

19.8p

Underlying basic earnings
per share

£611m

Free cash flow

In my first full year as Chairman of the
Sainsbury's Board I have been hugely
impressed by the quality of our
leadership and our colleagues’ passion
for providing our customers with
outstanding service every day. This
has been particularly evident to me
throughout the past three months as
we have pulled together to protect our
customers and colleagues, to feed the
nation and to navigate the business
through the COVID-19 pandemic.

Throughout this time, the Board and
Operating Board, led by Mike Coupe, have
been working tirelessly, guided by a clear
sense of purpose. Now, more than ever, we
have been trying to help our customers live
well for less. This has meant taking difficult
decisions along the way and I must say

that Mike has shown himself to be a truly
exceptional leader. I would like to thank Mike
for his hard work over these past few months.
and also for his excellent stewardship as
Chief Executive over the past six years.

Simon Roberts became the Chief Executive
Officer effective on 1 June 2020. He and
Mike have worked closely together for a
number of years and have been working
on a thorough handover over the past

few months.

This is a time unlike any other in retail.
COVID-19 has put our colleaques on the front
line and they are working around the clock
to get food and other essential items onto
the shelves for customers. I feel extremely
proud of colleagues throughout our business
who have risen to the challenge and have
achieved so much in such challenging
circurnstances.

We have had three clear priorities
throughout: keeping our customers and
colleagues safe; helping to feed the nation;
and supporting our communities and the
most vulnerable in society. For that reason,
whilst complying with all of the relevant
requirements, we have produced a simpler,
scaled down version of our Annual Report.

“Throughout the past three
months we have pulled
together to protect our

customers and colleagues,

to feed the nation
and to navigate the
business through the

COVID-19 pandemic.”

Review of the year

Ina competitive market, underlying profit
before tax was £586 million, a decline

of two per cent. Basic earnings per share
decreased 23.7 per cent to 5.8 pence
(2018/19: 7.6 pence) due to the £331 million
charge recognised outside of underlying
results. Underlying basic earnings per share
decreased 4.3 per cent to 19.8 pence
(2018/19: 20.7 pence).

Our purpose

Sainsbury's purpose is to help customers to
live well for less and we recognise that living
well means living sustainably. This year we
announced our commitment to be Net Zero
across all our operations by 2040 and that
we will invest £1 billion over the next 20 years
to achieve this. The Board is accountable

for the delivery of the seven pillars of our
Net Zero plan and we will report progress
against each of them at our interim results
in November. In a further demonstration

of the importance we place on helping
customers to live sustainably, we became
signatories of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures, to provide
consistent information to our stakeholders.

Strategic Report

The Board also plays an active role in making
Sainsbury's a place where colleagues love to
work and the welfare of our colleagues is a
key priority for us. As part of this activity,
the Board discussed the results of the

“We're Listening’ colleague engagement
survey, which invites every colleague across
the business to give honest, confidential
feedback on what it is like to work for
Sainsbury's. This survey and our engagement
with our Great Place to Work groups (which
are our Workforce Advisory Panels) informs
many of the decisions we make.

We also aim to be the most inclusive retailer.
The Board has a good balance of gender
and ethnic backgrounds and we are
committed to supporting the business to
build female and BAME representation at
senior manager level.

Business activity in the year

We are making strong progress against
the strategy that we set out at our Capital
Markets Day in September. Customers are
responding positively to our improved value
proposition, our distinctive food offer and
our increased focus on customer service.
We have accelerated investment in our
stores, improving and upgrading them
more frequently. We have also accelerated
investment in technology; for example,
SmartShop, which allows customers to
shop quickly and conveniently with faster
checkout, is now in all our supermarkets.
Together with our new store operations
model, these initiatives are delivering
improved customer satisfaction scores.

Argos continues to offer customers market-
leading delivery and collection services
and these channels are growing sales.

The general merchandise market remains
challenging and there was weakness in the
key toy and gaming categories in the last
financial year.

Jim Brown joined Sainsbury's Bank as
Chief Executive Officer during the year and
oversaw a strategic review of our financial
services business and we have made

good progress. We have a leaner structure,
greater digital uptake and we have stopped
underwriting new mortgages. We will
provide an update in November on the
impact of COVID-19 on the financial services
five-year targets we announced in
September 2019.

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020 0B

Board

After 15 years at Sainsbury's, almost six

of those leading the business, Mike Coupe
confirmed his intention to retire as

Chief Executive Officer on 31 May. Mike's
knowledge and understanding of the retail
sector and customer behaviour are second
to none. Mike has been bold and ambitious
on behalf of our shareholders, customers
and our colleagues. Investing in convenience,
online and our digital capability, selling
Sainsbury's pharmacy business and
acquiring Argos and Nectar have all proved
to be sound strategic moves which have

set us up well as we come together to create
one multi brand, multi channel business for
our customers.

I was delighted to announce Simon Roberts
as Mike's successor. Simon is a dedicated,
determined and enthusiastic champion of
the customer and of our colleagues and has
overseen sustained improvements in the
grocery business during his time so far.

He is ideally placed to lead and develop our
strategy for the future. The Board and I are
looking forward to working closely with him
over the coming years.

In October this year John Rogers, CEO of Argos,
left the business. John joined Sainsbury's in
2005 and was instrumental in the integration
of Argos and I would like to thank him for all
he achieved for our business.

Sainsbury's Bank Chairman Roger Davis
informed us of his intention to step down
from the Sainsbury's Bank Board and a
process to find his replacement is underway.

Matt Brittin and Jean Tomlin will also step
down later this year. Matt Brittin has been
on the Board for just over nine years and is
stepping down in line with good corporate
governance. He has been an important
member of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committees and his
knowledge of digital and technology has
helped us hugely as we bring new
innovations to our customers. Jean Tomlin
has been on the Board for seven years and
is a member of the Audit, CR&S and
Nomination Committees and has made

an important contribution to the business
over the years. We wish Jean and Matt well
for the future. Their replacements will be
announced in due course.

Dividend

Given a wide range of potential profit and
cash flow outcomes, the Board believes

it is prudent to defer any dividend payment
decisions until later in the financial year,
when there will be improved visibility on the
potential impact of COVID-19 on the business.

Martin Scicluna
Chairman

Alternative performance measures (APMs)
teferred to in this statement are defined in
Pages 205 to 208.

04 Strategic Report

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020

Chief Executive Officer’s letter

Mike Coupe shares his highlights for the year and explains
how Sainsbury's has responded to the COVID-19 pandemic.

2019/20 highlights

£586m

Underlying profit before tax

£32,394m

Group sales (inc VAT)

(0.6)%

Group like-for-like sales

£343m

Reduction in net debt

Dear Shareholder

Our response to COVID-19

In the last few weeks, we have made
huge changes to the business as a
result of COVID-19. Our colleagues
have worked around the clock to help
feed the nation and I am so proud of
their dedication and commitment
during this difficult time. Thank you
to every single one of our colleagues,
their efforts have been exceptional
and hugely valued by our customers.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant
impact on our business since early March.

We have had three clear priorities
throughout: keeping our customers and
colleagues safe; helping to feed the nation;
and supporting our communities and the
most vulnerable in society. At the start of the
pandemic customers bought significantly
more groceries than usual and colleagues in

our stores, distribution centres and store
support centres worked around the clock
with our suppliers to rapidly and continually
increase the stock levels of popular and
essential items. This was a major logistical
challenge and our business and the industry
more broadly showed incredible flexibility
and adaptability to maintain supply and
fulfil customer demand.

We made a decision early on to prioritise all
of our online delivery slots for elderly and
vulnerable customers. We were able to
contact over 450,000 vulnerable customers
and offer them access to priority online
booking, based on data we held on those
customers and calls into our Customer

Careline. Once we received government data,

we were able to contact another 350,000,
meaning we could give 800,000 vulnerable
customers the opportunity to book priority
online shopping. Throughout this time we
also significantly increased our online
shopping capacity — and we are working
towards increasing capacity from 340,000
weekly orders to an ambition of 600,000
slots per week across delivery and Click &
Collect. We also offer dedicated shopping
hours in our stores for NHS and social care
workers from 07.30-08.00 Monday to
Saturday and for elderly and vulnerable
customers from 08.00-09.00 on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Fridays.

When the Government required us to close
standalone Argos stores we repurposed
Argos into an online-only retailer and
redeployed a large number of Argos
colleagues into Sainsbury's stores. Argos
stores in Sainsbury's supermarkets are open
solely for online collection so that customers
who are shopping for food and other
essentials can collect orders made and paid
for online.

Protecting customers and colleagues and
keeping them safe has been our priority
and we have made major changes to our
ways of working to achieve this. These
include queuing systems outside stores,
limiting the number of people inside stores
and at ATMs and placing markers at two
metre intervals throughout stores. We are
tegularly sanitising stores, including baskets

and trollies, fitting safety screens at all
manned checkouts and providing colleagues
with masks, hand sanitiser and gloves if they
want them.

To limit interaction between customers and
colleagues we encouraged people to use
SmartShop and increased its capacity. We
are also launching SmartShop Scan, Pay and
Go in particularly busy convenience stores.

Our colleagues have shown amazing
dedication and resilience throughout this
difficult time and have really gone above
and beyond for our customers. We have
also done our best to support them. We
have offered all store colleagues who are
extremely vulnerable, vulnerable or who

live with extremely vulnerable household
members up to 12 weeks off work with full
pay and colleagues who are sick or who need
to self-isolate will be paid full pay for up to
14 days. We are also giving our front line
colleagues and managers a thank you
payment of 10 per cent of their pay from

8 March to 5 April. To help meet demand,
we have welcomed thousands of temporary
colleagues since March, including online
grocery pickers, delivery drivers and front
line managers.

Working together with

communities and suppliers

In these challenging circumstances, we
continue to work closely with the Government
and Public Health Authorities to support our
customers, colleagues, suppliers and our
communities. We have donated £3 million

to the charity Fareshare to ensure that much
needed supplies get to the people who
desperately need them and are working with
Comic Relief to support their fundraising
efforts. Sainsbury's matched customer
donations for Comic Relief's Big Night In

on the BBC and together we have raised

over £4 million.

We have introduced a range of over

90 essential grocery items to 80 WHSmith
stores in hospitals across the UK, helping
hard-working NHS staff access food more
easily. We also launched a school voucher
scheme to ensure that children who are
eligible for free school meals continue to

Strategic Report

access these while they stay at home. We
were pleased to launch a partnership with
The Big Issue to sell the magazine in our
stores and online as a temporary measure
until vendors are able to return to work,
with all proceeds going back to the charity
and to vendors.

“Our colleagues have shown
amazing dedication and
resilience throughout this
difficult time and have
really gone above and
beyond for our customers.”

We have extended support to suppliers with
vital cash flow where needed and committed
to pay at least 1,500 small suppliers
immediately. We have also offered our
concession partners and other tenants the
ability to pay monthly in advance rather
than quarterly in advance and a one month
rent free period for 1 to 30 April 2020.

Business update

This year we have made good progress
against our strategy and our seven priorities
as we create one multi brand, multi channel
business. While underlying profits before
tax reduced by two per cent to £586 million
and Group sales declined 0.1 per cent,

profit before tax grew by 26 per cent to
£255 million. We delivered strong free cash
flow and net debt reduction of £343 million,
in line with guidance.

Our purpose is to help our customers to live
well for less and the investment we have made
to lower prices, enhance ranges and create
new convenient ways for people to shop has
driven improved grocery sales and helped us
outperform our main supermarket peers.

Sainsbury's customer service scores are
consistently improving, with ease and speed
of checkout improving by just over 3 per cent
and just under 4 per cent respectively, as
customers respond well to store upgrades
and the acceleration of our in-store digital
offer, including SmartShop, which makes
shopping quicker and more convenient.

Over £6 billion of our sales across the
business are digital. We are continuing to
invest in this channel to deliver easy, speedy
and seamless shopping.

The general merchandise market remains
challenging, particularly in toys and gaming,
and our sales declined 2.9 per cent. Clothing
sales grew 1.2 per cent and clothing performed
particularly well online, growing 47 per cent.

I Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020 05

Financial Services and Nectar provide our
customers with affordable ways to manage
their finances and reward them for their
loyalty. Our Nectar loyalty prograrrime is the
biggest in the UK with over 18 million members.
Over 4.5 million people have downloaded the
new digital app which enhances customer
engagement with personalised offers and
access to promotions and rewards.

Asa business, we are structurally reducing
our costs by £500 million over five years,

in addition to ongoing savings to cover the
impact of cost inflation. We are able to achieve
these cost savings because of the unique
opportunity to bring Sainsbury's and Argos
together. By managing our costs we can
sustainably fund investment in what matters
most to our customers: choice, quality, low
prices, convenience and great service.

To deliver our purpose we know that engaging
our colleagues in the long-term success of our
business is critical. Our colleagues make the
difference to our customers day in, day out
and we ate committed to being a company
that people love to work for. This means being
an inclusive employer where colleagues are
encouraged to develop their skills and fulfil
their potential. It is also very important to

us that we continue to play an active role in
our communities and we have high ethical
standards that we and our suppliers adhere to.

I am delighted with the progress we made
against our 2020 Sustainability Plan but
there is more to do. We recognise that living
well means living sustainably and in January
of this year I was proud to launch our
ambitious plan to invest €1 billion over the
next 20 years to become Net Zero across all
our operations by 2040. We know this is an
ambitious target, but we are confident we
can achieve it

Outlook

The last few weeks have been unsettling for
our customers and our colleagues and we
cannot predict what will happen over the
coming months. Given the wide range of
potential profit and cash flow outcomes, the
Board believes it is prudent to defer any
dividend payment decisions until later in the
financial year when there will be improved
visibility on the potential impact of COVID-19
‘on the business. We have decided not to
take up the Government's offer to reclaim
furlough payments through the Government
Job Retention Scheme. We also will not be
taking up the Government's offer of delaying
VAT payments. Customers continue to rely
onus for food and other essentials and we
continue to take on significant costs to
ensure we can provide food while keeping
our customers and colleagues safe. The
business rates relief helps to offset some

of the costs to our business of COVID-19 as
we support our customers, colleagues and
communities during this uncertain time.

Retirement

In January I announced my retirement. I feel
very privileged to have spent almost six
years running Sainsbury's, during one of the
most competitive and challenging periods
of my 35-year career in retail. Sainsbury's is
a very different business today to the one

1 took over in 2014. I have focused on setting
the business up for the future so it is able

to anticipate and address the strategic
challenges of our industry. | am proud that
almost 20 per cent of total sales now come
from our online channels and that we are
becoming a multi brand, multi channel
business, able to evolve and adapt with
customers’ ever changing needs. Adding
Argos and Nectar to the business improves
our ability to make shopping increasingly
convenient for customers and to reward
them for their loyalty. Investment we have
made in quality and low prices means our
customers can feel confident they are
getting great value when they shop with us.

In the year I have worked with our Chairman,
Martin Scicluna, he has shown great skill and
leadership and has encouraged a culture of
openness and constructive debate on the
Board. He shares our company values and is
a fantastic addition to Sainsbury's. Martin
and I both believe the business is well set up,
with a strong management team and a clear
plan for the future. I am delighted that Simon
will be the next Chief Executive and am
confident that he is the right choice for our
customers, our colleagues and our investors.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank
all my colleagues for their outstanding efforts
over the past few months and I wish Simon
and the team every success in the future.

Mike Coupe
Chief Executive Officer

Alternative performance measures (APMs)
referred to in this statement are defined in
pages 205 to 208

yodsy 216areNs

yoday adueus3005

squawsayeys jeIUeU!y

06 Strategic Report

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020

Response to COVID-19

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on our business since
early March. We have had three clear priorities throughout: keeping our
customers and colleagues safe; helping to feed the nation; and supporting
our communities and the most vulnerable in society.

For more information on how we supported our people and society, please go to page 4.

Setting up the business

to deal with the pandemic

We implemented our well-rehearsed crisis
management protocols to deal with the
COVID-19 crisis in late February, having
analysed the results of measures put in place
in other countries to deal with the threat.

We mobilised our Incident Response team,
led by a Senior Director who was dedicated
to that role. Daily calls between our internal
and external public affairs teams, health and
safety, human resources and legal advisers
ensured that our decision-making was
well-informed and timed appropriately.

A daily call with the Operating Board
ensured fast decision making and the plc
Board was kept fully updated throughout.

Akey aspect of our crisis management

plan is to communicate effectively with

our customers and colleagues. We kept
customers updated through regular emails
from the Chief Executive, highlighting

where we are making changes to shopping
Practices in our stores and online. We briefed
our store management teams daily, informing
them as we were making key decisions that
affected shopping and working patterns and
activities. We engaged with Government
and industry bodies on a regular basis and
helped to lead, develop and coordinate the
grocery industry's response to the crisis.

We have maintained a disciplined approach
to governance and decision-making.

We continue to adhere to our crisis
management protocols to ensure that we
can respond and adapt to the changing
needs of our customers. As part of our
normal procedures, we will review the
management of this crisis in due course

to take lessons learned into the future,

Because we sell groceries and other essential
items and with Government support to keep
our operations running, we have not seen
the dramatic decline in demand that has put
pressure on other businesses. With our multi
brand, multi channel model we are, in many
ways, well positioned to remain relevant

and solvent through the COVID-19 crisis.

From ‘response’ to ‘recovery’

In addition to dealing with the short-term
actions necessitated by the crisis, we are
exploring the impact on our business as

we move from the ‘response’ to the ‘recover’
phase. Clearly, the timelines for this are still
unclear, but we are working to create a

new plan across all areas of our business.

Although demand for food and groceries
has been resilient, we expect that we will see
continuing impact on our supply chains over
the coming months, with supply restricted
or disrupted from many European countries
and potentially from UK growers struggling
to recruit the labour needed to harvest their
crops. We will need to determine a critical
path for reopening our cafés and food
counters; it is possible they will be disrupted
for most of the coming financial year. Fuel
volumes and sales in our petrol filling station
stores have declined significantly and we
have adapted the way we operate these
sites, reducing opening hours and selling
only fuel.

“A key aspect of our crisis
management plan is to
communicate effectively
with our customers
and colleagues.”

Clothing sales have declined substantially,
along with the rest of the market. We therefore
have an overstock situation to deal with

and we have made decisions about forward
ordering which could impact supply as

we come out of the current crisis into the
autumn/winter season.

We have seen some reduction in Argos sales
as we have closed 573

---

t
and fulfilment proposition we offer
customers post COVID-19. We will update
further on this at our interim results

in November.

Strategic Report

Principal risks and uncertainties

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the principal risks and
uncertainties was reviewed by the Board at year end. The pervasive
Nature and impact of the pandemic across the UK and global supply
chains means that the business is currently operating in a more
uncertain environment. Reflecting this, there is heightened risk
around most/all of the principal risks, although to different degrees.
On balance, there are two principal risks where we are not flagging
a heightened risk currently — these relate to Brexit and Environment
and Sustainability. In terms of Brexit, we are confident in our
preparations and plans, some of which were activated in our
tesponse to the pandemic. On Environment and Sustainability,

our response to mitigate risks associated with this are long term
and hence, the short-term impact is viewed as being limited.

The current impact of COVID-19 on the principal risks:

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020 07

The duration of this state of heightened risk will vary depending

on the length of the pandemic. Timelines for — and the nature of -
the recovery from the pandemic are not yet clear and hence we are
unable to assess with certainty the medium or longer-term impact
on the principal risks. Scenario modelling, as part of the viability
statement, has been undertaken to assess the potential range of
outcomes so relevant actions can be taken at the appropriate point.
Reflecting this uncertainty, we set out below the current or short-
term impact on the principal risks and an overview of some of the
Titigations we have implemented to manage these. Risks, including
emerging risks, will continue to be actively monitored as the
situation develops, allowing ways of working and other mitigations
to be flexed so that risks are managed. Details of our risk management
framework and the principal risks and uncertainties to our business
are set out from page 36.

COVID-19 risks modelled in the viability assessment are marked: ©)

Overview of impact of COVID-19 on principal risks

‘Current mitigations, which are subject to change as risks evolve

Brand perception

There is greater focus on our brand, reflecting we are a large business
with continuing operations and are also playing a key role in helping
to feed the nation, keeping customers and colleagues safe and
supporting our communities during the pandemic. It is important
that we continue to maintain trust through our focus on making

all decisions with our values at their heart.

— All decisions in relation to our response are being taken with
a focus on the impact on customers and colleagues

— We seek to communicate frequently and transparently with
customers and colleaques so they understand the decisions we
are making to support them, including those who are vulnerable

— Asa multi brand, multi channel retailer we have reviewed and
will continue to review which brands continue to operate through
which channels

Business continuity, operational resilience

and major incident response (©)

The impact of and response to COVID-19 has affected most if not
all of our business operations. This is being actively managed and
business recovery plans are being activated. That said, the level
of business disruption caused by COVID-19 is outside of our

tisk appetite.

— Sainsbury's Incident Response Team was convened in response
to COVID-19, reporting frequently to the Operating Board, which
provided strategic direction and decision making across financial,
operational and regulatory matters. There was and continues to
be a focus on all stakeholders during the crisis as well as ensuring
systems and processes operate effectively

— As new and temporary ways of working emerge, business
recovery plans are starting to be activated

— All decisions being made to respond to COVID-19 are being
tracked and monitored so they can be included, as appropriate,
as part of our recovery strategy

— Whilst too early to assess any sustained impact on market
conditions, the Operating Board has started to focus on recovery

Business strategy and change ©
The execution of our strategy is currently impacted by the
operational response to the pandemic.

— Our current ways of working ensure that our strategy is driven by
stakeholder, including customer, needs. This will continue to be
the case as any medium and longer-term impacts of COVID-19
on our customers, colleagues and supply chains become
more certain

— We continue to review business change programmes in terms of
their operational impact and will reduce the pace of non-critical
change programmes to ensure they do not unduly impact or
distract focus on operations

— Wewill review the impact of necessary delays/re-phased change
activity across planned efficiency saving programmes this year,
identifying and accelerating alternative options in order to realise
the level of budgeted savings for 20/21 and beyond

3

?

yodey aouewianc5

squawayers jemueuly

2
o
3
3)
&
3
g

08 Strategic Report 3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020,

‘Overview of impact of COVID-196n principal risks Current mitigations, which are subject to change a risks evolve

Colleague engagement, retention and capability © — We communicate regularly and transparently so colleagues
Increased risk of colleague disengagement and labour shortages understand the decisions we are making to support them
as a result of the pandemic, particularly amongst colleagues who and customers and have made additional resources and
are vulnerable or who live with extremely vulnerable people. guidance available

— We have flexed our policies to support our colleagues and
managers as they help feed the nation. In particular, we have
reviewed our paid leave policy and have committed to paying
colleagues up to two weeks’ paid leave if they are sick or isolating
due to COVID-19 (irrespective of their sick pay entitlement);
we have also committed to paying colleagues who are extremely
vulnerable up to 12 weeks’ paid leave; as well as providing those
who are vul

---

Click & Collect
facilities to support contactless service

Strategic Report

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020 09

Overview of impact of COVID-19 on principal risks

Current mitigations, which are subject to change as risks evolve

Political and regulatory environment

We, along with other retailers, are being actively encouraged to
work together and to support the Government in helping ensure
food supply. There is a risk that collaborative working and data
sharing may transgress regulations such as Competition Law.

— To support current and emerging regulatory requirements,
we continue to engage actively with Government, industry and
regulatory bodies. This was and continues to be a key area of
focus as we respond to COVID-19 to support the Government's
initiatives that require us to work with other retailers

— The Legal team is actively engaged in these discussions and with
the Incident Response team to help ensure regulatory matters
are managed appropriately

Sainsbury’s Bank ©)

Due to changes in the economy, the demand for banking products
has reduced while credit risk is rising due to increases in unemployment,
reduced household income and a fall in the value of investments.
Operational risk is also rising due to process changes that have had
to be deployed to support customers.

— The Bank continues to review its capital and liquidity requirements
while taking measures to help customers through the crisis.
A range of measures have been and will be deployed to mitigate
credit risk where possible

— Operational risk and all other risks are kept under constant review
through the Bank's formal governance

Trading environment and competitive landscape ©)
Short-term disruption to the trading environment and supply chains.
For example, food stock piling, reduced clothing purchases and the
closure of the standalone Argos stores.

— We are actively working with existing and new suppliers to
simplify our food ranges to maximise availability

— The impact of COVID-19 on the trading environment, particularly
on clothing and general merchandising, is actively being
monitored to ensure we can respond to customer needs and
manage stock levels

For more information on our financial outlook, please go to page 5.

For more information on Board activity and governance during COVID-19, please see pages 15, 54 and 56.

Strategic Report 3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2020

Business model

Our purpose is to help our customers live well for less. We are achieving this by bringing together trusted,

well-loved brands offering high quality, affordable products which customers can buy both from our
well-located store estate and through our easy to use online channels. The convenience of being able to
shop in-store and online is supported by the market- leading service our colleagues deliver, the rewards
we offer through our Nectar loyalty programme and our financial services.

Our brands Connected services

Our channels
RR
In-store Online

Single infrastructure