J Sainsbury plc

Annual Report and
Financial Statements 2021

|
Driven by our f° 2."
passion for food,
together we serve
and help every
customer

‘@—a0
<
nO
Do
wi
i
6
w
/08/2021
NIES HOUSE

Offering delicious, great quality food
at competitive prices has been at the
heart of what we do since John James
and Mary Ann Sainsbury opened our
first store in 1869. Today, inspiring
and delighting our customers with
tasty food remains our priority.

Our purpose is that driven by our
passion for food, together we serve
and help every customer.

Our focus on great value food and convenient shopping,
whether in-store or online is supported by our brands —
Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and Sainsbury’s Bank.
Sainsbury's has over 600 supermarkets and over 800
convenience stores. Argos is a leading digital retailer
and is the third most visited retail website in the UK,
with over 90 per cent of its sales starting online. Argos

is conveniently available for customers to collect from
hundreds of Sainsbury's stores. Digital and technology
enables us to adapt as customers shop differently and our
profitable, fast-growing online channels offer customers
quick and convenient delivery and collection capability.

Our 189,000 colleagues are integral to our success,
now and in the future.

Strategic Report 3 Sainsbury plc Annual Report 2021 01
Strategic Report Performance highlights 2
01 Contents and Performance highlights Ff
02 Chairman's letter o
04 Chief Executive Officer's Q&A : 2
07 Business model z
om £356m £(261)m_ |
10 Our priorities a
14 Net Zero
17 Ourpeople Underlying profit before tax, Statutory loss before tax, versus
19 Engaging with our stakeholders and down 39 per cent statutory profit before tax of £255m
our Section 172 statement in 2019/20
23 Non-financial information statement
24 = Our KPis
26 ~~ Financial Review
32 _ Ourprincipal risks and uncertainties 7. 3% 11 7
e 0 e ia}
Governance Report 3
46 Board of Directors Retail sales growth (inc. VAT, excl fuel) Underlying basic earnings per share, Z
50 Operating Board down 41 per cent 2
53 Board leadership and Company purpose 2
56 _ Division of responsibilities 3
57 Composition, succession and evaluatiori a
62 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainabilty 13 rt) 5 5%,
Committee Report ° . (]
64 — Audit, risk and internal control
70 Annual Statement from the Remuneration Basic loss per share, versus 5.8p Return on capital employed,
Committee Chair basic earnings per share in 2019/20 down 190 bps
76 Annual Report on Remuneration
88 Additional statutory information
Financial Statements £3 5m 14° z
92 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities 0 g
93 Independent auditor's report to the . wo Fa
members of J Sainsbury ple Raised for good causes reduction in absolute greenhouse gas go
100 Consolidated Financial Statements emissions within our own operations, =
105 Notes to the Consolidated Financial against our 2018/19 baseline 2
Statements &
108 Income Statement Notes
122 Financial Position Notes
163 Cash Flows Notes 81% 7%
169 Employee Remuneration Notes (0) (0)
178 Additional Disclosures
184 Company Financial Staternents Percentage of colleagues Increase in colleague
186 Notes to the Company Financial Statements _ that are highly engaged friendliness score
191 Additional shareholder information
194 Alternative performance measures
199 Glossary © Read more about our KPIs on page 24.

Find out more at

www.about.sainsburys.co.uk/ar2021

02 Strategic Report

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2021

Chairman’s letter

Chairman Martin Scicluna reviews the business activity in the year.

2020/21 highlights

£356m

Underlying profit before tax,
down 39 percent

£(261)m

Statutory loss before tax, versus
statutory profit before tax of £255m
in 2019/20

11.7p

Underlying basic earnings
per share, down 41 per cent

(13.0)p

Basic loss per share, versus 5.8p
basic earnings per share in 2019/20

74p

Proposed final dividend per share

10.6p

Proposed full-year dividend per share

This has been an exceptional year

and I am so proud of how our business
has adapted to help and support our
customers, colleagues and communities
throughout the COVID-19 pandemic.
Safety has been our highest priority
over the past 12 months and, by acting
quickly and decisively, we have helped
keep our colleagues and customers
safe. Our colleagues have worked
relentlessly to keep shelves full and,
by working closely with suppliers,

we have maintained good product
availability.

We have prioritised elderly and vulnerable
customers for home deliveries, supported
food banks and donated millions of pounds
to charity. I am pleased with how Sainsbury's
has stepped up. Our colleagues have been

on the frontline of our national response and
we are grateful to them for pulling together
to protect our customers and each other.

Throughout the year we have had three
key priorities: keeping our customers and
colleaques safe, helping to feed the nation
and supporting our communities and those
most vulnerable in society.

Led first by Mike Coupe and then by Simon
Roberts, we have been guided by a clear
sense of purpose. We have tried to do the
right thing throughout the pandemic and the
Board has been fully behind the Executive
Team as they have worked tirelessly on
behalf of our customers.

Simon became Chief Executive on 1 June
2020. In his first year Simon has led
Sainsbury's brilliantly and his unwavering
commitment to always put the welfare of
our customers and colleagues first is
testimony to his strong character and values.
His energy and passion have been instrumental
in helping us respond quickly and his strategic
vision for Sainsbury's is clear. Simon leads a
highly capable Operating Board, who deserve
to be recognised for everything they have
achieved this year. I am looking forward to
continuing to work closely with them as we
drive value for all our stakeholders.

“Iam so pleased with how
Sainsbury's has stepped up.
Our colleagues have been on
the frontline of our national
response and we are so
grateful to them for pulling
together to protect our
customers and each other.”

Financial review

We delivered a strong operating performance,
with grocery sales up 78 per cent, general
merchandise sales up 8.3 per cent and digital
sales up 102 per cent. Underlying profit
before tax was £356 million, a decrease of

39 per cent, impacted by £485 million of direct
COVID-19 costs incurred while protecting our
customers and colleagues. We gave full pay
to all colleagues who were required to shield
for each shielding period and supported
colleagues who needed to self-isolate.

We invested more than £100 million in our
frontline colleagues through increasing the
hourly rate of pay for Sainsbury's and Argos
store colleagues and awarding three special
recognition payments. We did not take up
the government's offer of furlough payments,
we repaid business rates relief on all
Sainsbury's stores and did not defer VAT
payments. This year we made a loss before
tax of £261 million; this reflects one-off costs
and impairments mainly associated with the
bold decisions and choices we are making to
set our business up for the future. Underlying
basic earnings per share was 11.7 pence

and basic loss per share was 13.0 pence.

We generated retail free cash flow of £784
million to reinvest in the customer offer and
shareholder returns and we are upgrading
our four-year net debt reduction target to at
least £950 million from £750 million by 2022/23.

More information on our financial
performance can be found in the Financial
Review on pages 26-31.

Strategic Report

Remuneration

As noted at our interim results in November,
given the unexpected pressures our
business has had to manage this year

and the challenges facing our colleagues,
Simon informed the Board that if a bonus
was payable, he would waive his bonus
entitlement for this financial year. Simon's
decision is a personal one and another
example of his integrity as a leader.

For more information on this year's
Temuneration awards please see
Pages 70 to 87.

Dividend

The Board has proposed a final dividend of
74 pence per share, bringing the full-year
dividend to 10.6 pence per share, which is
in line with last year (when treating the
Special dividend announced in November
2020 of 7.3p as part of 2019/20), despite
lower underlying profits and diverging from
our policy of a dividend covered 1.9x by
underlying earnings. This reflects the Board's
belief that shareholders should not bear the
full short-term financial impact this year

of the business making the right decisions
for customers and colleagues through the
COVID-19 pandemic. Given our strong
underlying cash generation, it also reflects
the Board's commitment to prioritise
payment of dividends to shareholders over
net debt reduction.

Business rates

Back in December we decided to forgo
business rates relief on all Sainsbury's stores.
In March we announced we would continue
to forgo the relief offered to retailers on all
Sainsbury's stores until the end of June and
that we would also forgo the business rates
relief on all standalone Argos stores once
they re-open. This rates relief would have
largely offset the £485 million of costs
associated with helping to protect our
customers and colleagues from COVID-29.

As an essential business, Sainsbury's stores
have been able to stay open throughout
lockdowns and we believe repaying business
rates on those stores is the right thing to do.
Our hope is that this goes some way towards
helping other affected businesses and
encourages broader discussion around
business taxation and the urgent need for
business rates reform.

Brexit

This year we also had to navigate the
considerable complexities of Britain's
departure from the European Union.

We invested significant time and effort in
contingency planning prior to the formal
exit and our teams were well placed to
respond to the final deal. Despite this,

a lot remains unclear and the additional
bureaucracy required to import and export
items from and into the European Union is

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2021 03

a significant challenge. We continue to urge
the government to find solutions that
simplify border requirements, particularly
in Northern Ireland where the added
complexity risks impacting choice and
availability for customers longer term.

Our plan to put food back at the heart.
of Sainsbury's

We are clear on our purpose: driven by our
passion for food, together we serve and help
every customer. Everything we do is rooted
in doing a better job for customers. As well
as adapting to respond to the pandemic,
Simon has been transforming the way we
work so we can put food back at the heart
of our business.

Building on everything we have learnt over
the last 12 months, we are raising our
ambitions and speeding up the pace of
change across our business, simplifying our
operations and accelerating our cost savings
Programmes. We are on track to reduce our
retail operating cost to sales ratio by 200bps
by March 2024 so we can invest in food
quality, choice, innovation and consistently
lower prices for our customers. Simon has
made some bold choices and we recognise
that it has been a year of significant change
for our colleagues. We are confident that our
plan is the right one for the highly competitive
and rapidly evolving market that we operate
in and we have made good early progress.

Net Zero

We are investing £1 billion to become

Net Zero across our own operations by 2040.
The Board is accountable for the delivery of
our Net Zero plan and we regularly review
progress and plans as part of our Board
agenda. Despite the challenges presented
by the pandemic, we have been making
good progress and 1 am pleased with the
initiatives we have launched so far, such as
adding a new commitment to reduce our
absolute GHG by 30 per cent by 2030 and
signing up to Science Based Targets.

We are the Principal Supermarket Partner for ©
the UN Climate Change Conference, COP26,
set to take place in Glasgow this November.
This is a clear demonstration of our
commitment in this area. On 17 June this
year, we will host our inaugural Environmental, :
Social and Governance day for investors,
demonstrating that helping everyone eat
better is imperative to our business strategy
and long-term success. We are also
signatories of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures, to provide
consistent information to our stakeholders.

our business throughout and was instrumental
in shaping our response to the start of the
pandemic. I would like to thank him again

for his tremendous efforts.

In July we appointed Keith Weed as a
member of the Audit Committee, the
Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability
Committee and the Nomination Committee.
Keith is an exceptionally capable marketing
and digital leader who has championed

new ways of integrating sustainability into
businesses and building brands with purpose.

The Board was also pleased to appoint

Tanuj Kapilashrami to the Nomination and
Remuneration Committees in July. Tanuj is

a thoughtful and energetic HR leader who
has significant international insights. She will
be an excellent addition to the Board as we
continue to adapt our business and support our
colleagues in a rapidly changing marketplace.

Keith and Tanuj replace Matt Brittin and Jean
Tomlin who both stepped down earlier this
financial year. We would like to thank both
Matt and Jean for their service to Sainsbury's
and we wish them both well.

In January this year Lesley Jones became
Chair of Sainsbury's Bank, replacing Roger
Davis. Her extensive experience in banking
will be highly valuable to us as we work to
deliver the five-year plan we set out at our
Capital Markets Day in September 2019. On.
behalf of the Board, 1 would like to thank Roger
for his stewardship over the past seven years.

In April this year Adrian Hennah joined the
Audit Committee and Nomination Committee
and he will take over as Chair of the Audit
Committee following our AGM. Adrian replaces
David Keens who has served on the Board

for six years. I would like to thank David for
his service. He has been a wise counsel and
influential voice on the Board and we are
grateful for his significant contribution.

More information on our Board of Directors
can be found on pages 46-49.

Thank you
As I said at the beginning, this has been an
exceptional year. I want to say a heartfelt

, thank you to all our colleagues who stepped

up to feed the nation. We are very proud
of you. And, a massive thank you to our

* leadership team, led by Simon. They have

led our teams superbly and ably dealt with
safety, the shift to home working for office
colleagues, increased customer demand and
supply challenges, including Brexit. We are
committed to sustaining our renewed sense

, of purpose and agility.

Board

In May last year Mike Coupe retired after '
15 years at Sainsbury's, with almost six of
those as Chief Executive. Mike was bold and
ambitious and made sound strategic moves
for Sainsbury's. He remained committed to

Martin Scicluna

* Chairman

A
a
5
cI
2
3
3
8

quoday aouewsano9,

squawsa7eys yeueuls

04 Strategic Report

I Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2021

Chief Executive Officer’s Q&A

In his first year as Chief Executive Officer of Sainsbury's, Simon Roberts
explains how the business has adapted to serve and help every customer.

2020/21 highlights

£356m_

Underlying profit before tax,
down 39 per cent

£(261)m

Statutory loss before tax, versus
statutory profit before tax of £255m
in 2019/20

7.3%

Retail sales growth (inc. VAT, excl fuel)

£640m

Non-lease net debt

14%

reduction in absolute greenhouse gas
emissions within our own operations,
against our 2018/19 baseline

An extraordinary year
1. How would you sum up the

last year?
Looking back over the last 12 months, I am
humbled by everything my colleagues have
achieved and delivered. Those in stores and
depots have been nothing short of heroic
on the frontline every day, going above
and beyond to serve our customers and
communities. Colleagues usually based
in offices have had to quickly adapt how
they work, focusing all efforts on keeping
essential items available and helping
customers. I am enormously grateful to each
and every one of my colleagues for the way
they have looked after our customers and
each other. Our industry has stepped up
and worked tirelessly across food supply
chains and we are hugely proud of the
part Sainsbury's has played. I also want to
especially recognise our suppliers for alt their
support and partnership throughout this
year in keeping goods flowing for our
customers. They have done a fantastic job.

It has been a year of significant progress
and change for our business. As well as
navigating the challenges of the pandemic,
we are absolutely focused on listening and
responding to our customers; we have a
three-year plan to put food back at the heart
of Sainsbury's and we are fully mobilised to
deliver this. As a result, we are transforming
the way we work and I am encouraged
that we are already making good progress
against our plan, making a number of

bold strategic choices and adapting and
simplifying how we do things. Only by
making these changes can we strengthen
our business and do the best job for our
customers both now and in the future.

2. How has the business adapted

to the pandemic?
At the heart of absolutely every decision we
made last year was doing the right thing for
our customers and our colleagues — and
safety has been our priority. We installed
safety screens at checkouts, provided hand
sanitiser stations and implemented social
distancing floor markers and signs in
and outside stores and ran a number of
campaigns reminding customers how to
shop safely with us. We have greeters and
security guards at store entrances to help
colleagues and customers feel safe and
I am grateful that shoppers have largely
supported us with this. I am pleased that
customers recognised our efforts and we
achieved record customer satisfaction scores
for availability, friendliness and speed of
service and were recognised for best customer
safety according to an external survey

“Iam humbled by
everything my colleagues
have achieved and
delivered. Those in stores
and depots have been
nothing short of heroic on
the frontline every day,
going above and beyond to
serve our customers and

communities.”

We have responded with tremendous
energy, agility and pace. We recruited
thousands more frontline colleaques and
Argos, Habitat and Sainsbury's Bank colleagues
worked in Sainsbury's to help our efforts to
feed the nation. Customer demand for online
grocery shopping skyrocketed and our
teams worked around the clock to more than
double capacity. We have prioritised over

12 million elderly and vulnerable customers
for home delivery and Click & Collect and
also given priority store access to these
customers, as well as NHS and care workers,
to help them shop as safely as possible.

Strategic Report

We remain totally focused on keeping our
customers and colleagues safe. This has
been and will continue to be our top priority.
We will continue to put doing what is right
for our customers and colleagues first
every time.

3. Tellus about this year’s

financial results?
It is fair to say that the pandemic has heavily
influenced this year’s financial results. Group
like-for-like sales, including VAT and excluding
fuel, were up 7.3 per cent. Grocery sales were
up 78 per cent, general merchandise sales
were up 8.3 per cent and digital sales were
up 102 per cent. Food and Argos sales are
significantly higher as customers spent
more time at home. Groceries Online had
an exceptional year as more people opted
for home delivery and Click & Collect.
Underlying profit before tax was down
39 per cent to £356 million, with the benefit
to profits of strong sales growth more than
offset by £485 million of COVID-19 costs and
the impact of COVID-19 on Financial Services.
Loss before tax was £261 million, reflecting
one-off costs and impairments associated
with strategic changes announced in
November. Retail free cash flow of £784 million
was very strong, with a working capital
inflow of more than £400 million, driven by
strong trading, particularly at Argos. While
some of this working capital benefit will
reverse as trading normalises, our underlying
free cash flow remains strong. This enables
us to pay down debt and pay a consistent
dividend. We expect to generate average
retail cash flow of at least £500 million per
year over the three years to March 2025 and
we are upgrading our four-year net debt
reduction target to at least £950 million
from £750 million by 2022/23. We are pleased
to propose a full-year dividend which is in
line with last year, protecting shareholder
income from the full impact of COVID-19
on profits.

More information on our financial
performance can be found in the Financial
Review on pages 26-31.

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 202) 0s

The market

4. What is going on in the

retail market?
The pandemic has totally transformed how
customers are shopping and what they are
buying. It has been a really tough year for
lots of retailers and with many shops being
forced to close and people spending more
time at home.

In food retail, we have seen a return of the
weekly shop — transactions have declined
significantly and basket size has increased.
People have been enjoying scratch cooking
at home and making the most of seasonal
celebrations and special moments such as
Halloween, Christmas, Mother's Day and
Easter. But, despite large supermarkets
serving more shoppers, the cost of keeping
everyone Safe in stores and throughout
supply chains has heavily affected our profits.

General merchandise sales have declined
overall, but Argos has benefited from being
largely an online retailer. People have focused
their spending on home improvements, office
and fitness equipment and entertainment.
The clothing market has faced similar
challenges and declined overall.

5. What are the big trends you

are seeing?
There is fierce competition in the food
retail industry. Value will be an important
battleground as people work hard to manage
their budgets, which is why we are so
focused on offering great value. But we also
know that customers are prepared to trade
up to new and interesting products and we
are tripling the rate at which we add new
products to our ranges. Customers expect
more than ever to be able to choose to shop
how and when suits them best, fuelling the
tise of “on demand” services across food
service and grocery in particular. COVID-19
has introduced many customers to online
shopping for the first time and across
grocery, general merchandise and clothing
this has accelerated dramatically the pace
of online growth. The rate of digital sales
growth across Sainsbury's, Argos and Tu
clothing is a demonstration of the strength
of our digital platforms and the flexibility of
our fulfilment network. This positions us well
in the rapidly changing retail environment.

6. Inachallenging market,

what gives you confidence?
Our business is built on great assets and
great people. Sainsburys is a trusted brand
that is loved by millions of customers. Our
scale is a source of competitive advantage,
as is our strength in food and our convenient
locations. We have strong positive operating
cash flows and serve an attractive customer
base, with a bias to a more affluent
demographic than many of our competitors.
We have invested in technology and Nectar
is now a powerful platform for us to reward
loyalty and get to know our customers even
better. All of this is a really strong foundation
to build on and it gives the tearn and me real
confidence that we can build on it to deliver
improved performance and improved
shareholder returns.

To read more about our business model
see page 7.

The new plan

7. What is your new plan?

We will totally transform our business over
the next three years. We are putting food
back at the heart of Sainsbury's, building

on the changes we have made as we have
adapted our business during the pandemic.
We are raising our ambitions, speeding up
the pace of change, simplifying our operations
and accelerating our cost savings programmes
so we can invest more in food quality, choice,
innovation and consistently lower prices for
our customers.

Our portfolio brands are supporting our core
food business, delivering for both customers
and shareholders. We are reducing complexity,
transforming our cost base by at least

two per cent of sales and are focused on
robust profit delivery and consistent,
dependable cash flow, And we will pursue
partnerships or outsource where it makes
sense for our business and our customers.

We have a lot to do, but we have the right
strategy and the right team in place to

» deliver for our customers, which will in turn

deliver for all our stakeholders.

More information on our strategy can be
found on page 9.

4
a
3
8
2
2
3
Hy

yoday aaueuiano9

S]UALUA}E}S [PDUEULY

06 Strategic Report

8. What progress have you made
against your plan this year?

We are right at the start but I am pleased

to say we are already making encouraging

progress. We have invested in value, launching

our bold Sainsbury's Quality, Aldi Price Match |

campaign on our entry level own-brand
products, which complemented our biggest
ever Price Lock on primarily branded
products. We have put foundations in place
to deliver a faster and stronger pipeline of
innovative product development and we
have accelerated our digital transformation
this year as we focus on serving customers,
however they want to shop with us. We have
more than doubled our online grocery

sales and have done this while improving
profitability. Argos digital sales grew almost
70 per cent and our Argos transformation
plan is on track to improve customer
availability while reducing our costs. We
launched Habitat as our main home and
furniture brand and we have repositioned
the home and furniture ranges, adding
customer choice and making prices more
accessible. We now have one global team
that sources products for Sainsbury's, Habitat
and Argos, maximising our scale positions
with suppliers and driving efficiencies within
our own business. And we continue to make
good progress reshaping, strengthening and
simplifying our Financial Services business.

We have made some bold decisions so that
we can do a better job for customers,
including closing 176 Argos stores as part of
our plan to reduce the number to around 100
standalone stores over the next three years.
We also closed our loss-making meat, fish
and deli counters. I know these changes are
difficult for our colleagues, but in a highly
competitive market, we must challenge
ourselves to really focus on the areas that
customers really value.

More information on our strategy can be
found on page 9.

9. How is your leadership team
helping you to deliver your
new plan?
T have re-shaped the Operating Board to
ensure we are in the best position to deliver
ur new plan. Clo Moriarty is our Retail and
Digital Director and she will make sure we
serve our customers brilliantly, whenever
and however they choose to shop with us.
As our Chief Marketing Officer, Mark Given
is responsible for ensuring we understand
our customers and connect with them using
the power of Nectar. Rhian Bartlett, our Food
Commercial Director, is responsible for
ensuring we offer delicious, innovative
food at the right prices for our customers.
In addition to his existing responsibilities
as Chief Information Officer, Phil Jordan
will also take on responsibility for Business
Transformation as we accelerate our plans

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2021

to adapt how we work in the future. am
also looking forward to welcoming Paula
Nickolds to the team. Paula joins in June as
General Merchandise & Clothing Commercial
Director and will ensure that Argos, Tu and
Habitat are delivering for our customers and
shareholders. With some of the industry's

| best leaders