J Sainsbury plc

Mat nee and
fine ial sta ee ments 2022

Helping everyone
eat better

,

=z

a

a

a

FA

g *ABS4QYON*

= iw 2710712022 #273

COMPANIES HOUSE

Offering delicious, great quality food
at competitive prices has been at the
heart of what we do since John James
and Mary Ann Sainsbury opened our
first store in 1869. Today, inspiring and
delighting our customers with tasty
food remains our priority.

Our purpose is that driven by our
passion for food, together we serve
and help every customer.

Our focus on great value food and convenient shopping,
whether in-store or online is supported by our brands —
Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and Sainsbury’s Bank.
Sainsbury’s has over 600 supermarkets and over 800
convenience stores. Argos is a leading digital retailer
and is the third most visited retail website in the UK,
with over 80 per cent of its sales starting online. Argos

is conveniently available for customers to collect from
hundreds of Sainsbury’s stores. Digital and technology
enables us to adapt as customers shop differently and our
profitable, fast-growing online channels offer customers
quick and convenient delivery and collection capability.

Our 171,000 colleagues are at the heart of serving and
helping our customers every day and are vital to our
success, now and in the future.

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

01 Contents and Performance highlights

02 Chairman's letter

05 Chief Executive's O&A

07 Business model

03 Ourstrategy

10 Ourpriorities

13 Plan for Better

24 — Engaging with our stakeholders and
our Section 172 statement

30. NewKPIs

31 Legacy KPIs

32 Financial Review

38 Principal risks and uncertainties

53 Non-financial information statement

Governance Report

54
58
61
64
65
68
1

73
78

84
96

Roard af Directors

Operating Board

Board leadership and Company purpose
Division of responsibilities

Composition, succession and evaluation
Nomination Committee Report

Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability
Committee Report

Audit Committee Report

Annual Staternent from the Remuneration
Committee Chair

Annual Report on Remuneration
Additional statutory information

Financial Statements

100
101

108
113

118
132
172
178
189
194
196
200
203
208

‘Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
Independent auditor's report to the
members of J Sainsbury ple
Consolidated financial statements
Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

Income statement notes

Financial position notes

Cash flows notes

Employee remuneration notes
Additional disclosures

Company financial statements

Notes to the Company financial statements.
Additional shareholder information
Alternative performance measures
Glossary

3 Sainsbury ple

Performance highlights

3.4%

Retail sales growth (inc. fuel)
versus the 2020/21 financial year.
Excluding fuel sales declined 2.6%

£730m”

Underlying profit before tax,

up 104 per cent versus the 2020/21
financial year and up 25% versus
the 2019/20 financial year

£854n7’

Statutory profil before tax versus

a loss of £164 million in the 2020/21
financial year and versus £278 million
in the 2019/20 financial year

36.9%

Retail operating profit growth versus
the 2020/21 financial year and 6.7%
versus the 2019/20 financial year

25.4p'

Underlying basic earnings per share,
up 117% versus 11.7p underlying basic
earnings per share in the 2020/21
financial year

8.4%’

Return on capital employed,
up 280bps versus the 2020/21
financial year and up 100bps
versus the 2019/20 financial year

£38.4m

Raised for good causes

20%

Reduction in absolute greenhouse gas

emissions within our own operations,
against our 2018/19 baseline

119%

Increase in food redistributed
to people this year

2.5m+

Meals donated

1 Refer to Alternative Performance Measures on pages 20° to 207 for definition and reconetation ta statutory measures
2 The results for 2021 and 2020 have been restated - refer te note 2of the financial staternents on page 113

@ Read more about our KPls on page 30.

Find out more at

www.about.sainsburys.co.uk/at2022

yoday a2ueU.3A05, oday \Ba72ns

SqUBWUA}eNS [PIUeULY

Strategic Report

Chairman’s letter

Chairman Martin Scicluna reviews the
business activity in the year.

This has been a year of delivering for all our stakeholders
and I am immensely proud of what our business has
achieved for our customers, colleagues, communities
and our shareholders.

Throughout our history Sainsbury's has always tried to do the right
thing and our approach to supporting people in times of need has
been particularly evident throughout the pandemic. At the very
beginning we gave elderly and vulnerable customers priority
access to home delivery slots — the first supermarket to do so —
and throughout the crisis we have paid colleagues who needed to
stay at home. Together with our customers and colleagues, we
continue to support charities and worthy causes around the world

As COVID-19 continues to impact the economy and the cost of fuel,
energy and raw materials continues to rise, we remain committed

to doing everything we can to support our colleagues and customers
through what may be challenging financial times ahead.

Despite the difficulties presented by COVID-19, our colleagues continue
to do a brilliant job for our customers and I would like to thank all of
them for their dedication and commitment. We are committed to
paying our colleagues fairly and have invested over £100 million in
retail colleague pay. All Sainsbury's and Argos retail store colleagues
can now earn the Living Wage wherever they work in the UK.

Our Chief Executive Simon Roberts, and the Operating Board, have
done an excellent job delivering against the key metrics we set out
in November 2020. As a result of our strong profit performance

and retail free cash flow generation, we are pleased to propose to
shareholders the highest final and full-year dividend for seven years.
We have used our strong cash generation in recent years to reduce
debt and return around 50 per cent of underlying net earnings to
shareholders through ordinary dividends. With debt reduction ahead
of schedule, we are increasing our payout ratio to around 60 per cent.

In January we were deeply saddened by the death of our Life
President, Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover. He played a vital
role in leading Sainsbury's through a period of significant change
and making it the business it is today. His significant philanthropic
contributions include the foundation of the Linbury Trust with his
wife, Baroness Sainsbury of Preston Candover CBE, which supports
a wide range of charitable causes. His contribution and retailing
talent remains truly inspiring and we will continue to remember
him and the immeasurable impact he made.

J Sainsbury ple »

2021/22 highlights

9.9p 13.1p

Proposed final dividend Proposed full-year dividend
per share

29.8p’

Basic earnings per share,
versus 9.4p basic loss per
share in the 2020/21
financial year

25.4p’

Underlying basic earnings
per share, up 117% versus
11.7p underlying basic
earnings per share in the
2020/21 financial year

Strategic progress

One year into our three-year plan to transform Sainsbury's, Simon
and his team are making very good progress. They are adapting our
business at pace, simplifying operations and accelerating our cost
savings programmes so that we can invest in food quality, choice
and consistently lower prices for customers. Our portfolio brands -
Nectar, Argos, Habitat, Sainsbury's Bank and Tu ~ support our core
food business, delivering for both customers and shareholders.

The focus on value, innovation and service is driving volume market
share performance ahead of our key competitors and, at a time of
inflationary pressures for customers, we are improving our price
position versus our key competitors*.

Argos is delivering stronger profitability and Sainsbury's Bank achieved
an important milestone by declaring a dividend of £50 million back
to the Sainsbury's Group.

You can read more about our progress to put food back at the heart
of Sainsbury's on pages 10-11.

In June we launched our new sustainability strategy, Plan for Better,
a core part of our strategy. Across the Group we are embedding
climate considerations into our reporting and decision making,
implementing bold targets and incentives in order to achieve our goal,

This year we strengthened our commitment to tackle the climate
crisis, announcing the acceleration of our target to become Net Zero
across Our operations by five years, from 2040 to 2035. We have also
committed to reducing our Scope 3 emissions by 30 per cent by 2030.
As signatories of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD), we are committed to providing consistent information to our
stakeholders and our disclosure can be found on page 17.

Refer to Alternative Performance Measures on pages 203 to 207 far definition and reconciliation
tostatutoryrmeasures,

The results for 2021 and 2020 have beer restated ~ refer to note 2of he financial statements
‘on page 113,

IelseniQ Panel data (ov and 2 year 52 weeks volume growth differential to P13 FY2U22)

of the year

Strategic Report

Collaboration is key to tackling the climate crisis. To this end we were
proud to be the Principal Supermarket Partner of the United Nation's
international climate change conference, COP26, which took place

in Glasgow in November. I was inspired by the encouraging steps so
many businesses, including Sainsburys, are taking to address the
challenges we face. We are now well into the next phase of delivering
against the commitments we have set out. We are aligned to the

UN Sustainable Development Goals and, through Plan for Better,

we can identify areas which matter most to our stakeholders, helping
us to make real and meaningful improvements.

Our commitment to Helping everyone eat better is progressing well
as we encourage customers to make faod choices that are both
better for them and better for the planet. As part of our commitment
to measure healthy and sustainable diets, we reported against our
new target to achieve at least 83 per cent of ‘healthy’ and ‘better for
you sales by 2025, currently at 80 per cent. We also disclosed vur
protein sales, with 72 per cent of protein sales being plant based and
meat-free products

We report on our Plan for Better progress every six months and you can
read more about what we have delivered this year on pages 13 to 17.

Delivering for our customers

We know how important value is to customers and that the cost of
living crisis is putting pressure on household budgets. We are taking
bold steps to enhance the value we offer to customers and we are
keeping prices lower than our competitors. Through the year our
Price Lock promotion fixed the price of up to 2,000 items for at least
eight weeks and our Sainsbury's Quality, Aldi Price Match campaign
matches the discounter's prices on 240 popular items. This year

we have increased the number of entry price level lines, offering
customers lower prices on the products they buy most often,
including fresh produce, as well as offering choice across price points.

Offering customers new and innovative products is a key priority for
us and we hit our target of tripling our levels of product innovation
in the year, launching 1,950 new products. We are also working with
third parties such as Boparan Restaurant Group, Coco di Mama and
Starbucks to offer our customers more choice and great quality food
and drink to eat-in or takeaway.

We are making our customers’ lives easier through improving our
digital offer. We are developing SmartShop and we continue to invest
in our Groceries Online business, including rapid delivery through
Chop Chop, Uber Eats and Deliveroo.

Delivering for our colleagues

We are committed to paying our 151,000 retail colleagues fairly

and our wage bill is our biggest operating cost. Since 2017 we have
increased the pay of Sainsbury's front line colleaques by 25 per cent
and we have increased Argos colleagues’ pay by 31 per cent over
the last five years and have removed age-related pay.

All Sainsbury's and Argos store colleagues now receive an hourly
base rate of at least £10 per hour. This represents an increase of at
least 5.3 per cent. This new rate of pay is S0p above the government's
National Living Wage and 10p above Living Wage Foundation’s Living
Wage. We also increased inner London pay from £10.10 to £11.05

in line with the London Living Wage.

We were pleased to announce in April that from Ist May 2022 the
outer London rate would also be moving to £11.05 from £10.50.
This means that all Sainsbury's and Argos retail store colleagues
can earn the Living Wage wherever they work in the UK.

Sainsbury ple rs |

Aswe balance the needs of all our stakeholders we will continue to
discuss colleague pay on a regular basis. We commit to paying above
the National Minimum Wage and, when setting pay each year, will
cunsider Lie Living Wage, the National Living Wage, competitor pay
and the financial performance of the business. We are also committed
to maintaining a dialogue with all key stakeholders on the issue.

“One year into our three-year plan to
transform Sainsbury's, Simon and his team
are making very good progress. They are
adapting our business at pace, simplifying
operations and accelerating our cost
savings programmes so that we can invest
in food quality, choice and consistently
lower prices for customers.”

It is also important for us to be an inclusive retailer with diverse
representation across all levels, so I am pleased to see progress being
made in this area. Initiatives such as the adoption of the Halo Code
and our admission to the Black British Network are just some of the
achievements made this year and I am pleased our work has been
recognised, with the I AM ME Ethnically Diverse Colleague Network
featured in the Top 10 Network Groups in the UK at the Ethnicity
Awards. We are also featured for the first time in the FTSE 100 Top
Ten Best Performers list for Women in Leadership. We are proud to
have published our Gender and Ethnicity Pay Report for a second
year and have seen the pay differentials reduce during that time.

Delivering for our communities

We are committed to supporting our communities and fostering
our charitable partnerships. [ was delighted that this year we raised
over £6 million for Comic Relief, in addition to the £2 million we
donated as a business to support the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine.
Through our Ukrainian Crisis Appeal, customers and colleagues have
also donated over £600,000 so far and we are matching donations
up to an additional £500,000.

Our partnership with Neighbourly helps to manage our back of
store food donation programme, helping to connect Sainsbury's
stores with local partners who will redistribute food to those in need
So far we have donated over 2.5 million meals, which is equivalent
to £4.8 million in savings for charities and community groups.

This partnership also supports our sustainability targets as we

have pledged to reduce our food waste by 50 per cent by 2030.

qyoday 2)507e95

oday a2ueuan09

a
¢
a
g
8

Strategic Report

Financial review

We delivered a strong performance this year. Underlying profit before
tax was £730 million, up 25 per cent versus the full-year 2019/20.

Last year’s performance reflected significant costs associated with
adapting our business to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Statutory revenue was up 2.9 per cent to £29,895 million and
statutory profit before tax was £854 miltion versus £278 million in
2019/20, reflecting lower restructuring and impairment costs and
exceptional income from settling legal disputes. We achieved strang
Retail Free Cash Flow of £503 million and average Free Cash Flow
delivery in the three years to March 2022 of £633 million. We are on
track to deliver at least £500 million retail free cash flow per year.

We also delivered non-lease Net Debt reduction of £1,381 million over
the three years to March 2022, ahead of the target of £950 million+
over the four years to March 2023. Underlying basic earniriys per
share was 25.4p and basic earnings per share was 29.8p. We remain
committed to maintaining our strong value position, are on track

to deliver our 200 basis points cost reduction target and will invest

in making improvements to our customer offer.

In 2021 we completed a thorough review of the Financial Services
business and concluded that it was in the best interest of shareholders
to retain Sainsbury's Bank.

More information on our financial performance can be found in the
Financial Review on pages 32 to 37.

Delivering for our shareholders

The Board proposes a final dividend of 9.9p per share, bringing the
full-year dividend to 13.1p per share. This will be the highest dividend
the business has paid for seven years. The sharenolder dividend

is being paid on the full underlying profit number of £730 million,

an increase of 24 per cent on the dividend from last year.

Remuneration

The Committee has considered a number of factors when determining
incentive outcomes for the year, including the impact of COVID-19

on performance.

The Remuneration Committee reviews the underlying performance
of the business and this year determined that the COVID-19 driven
elevated grocery volumes caused an estimated net financial benefit
of £100 million, which is reported within our underlying profit before
tax of £730 million. For incentive purposes the Committee applied
downward discretion to remove this £100 million impact from both
the bonus outturn and the long-term incentive plan vesting level.

Simon's remuneration for the year reflects the strong performance
of the business and the progress we have made against our strategu.
Under his strong leadership Sainsbury's grocery market share has.
increased and we have made significant strides with our value
proposition against our competitors. We have also exceeded our

cost savings target for the year. it should be noted that Sirnon waived
his entitlement to a bonus for the 2020/21 financial year.

Simon has demonstrated outstanding drive and energy to do the
right thing for our customers and colleagues throughout the
challenges faced and on behalf of the Board I would like to thank
him for all of his hard work and significant achievernents.

For more information on this year's remuneration awards please see
pages 84 to 95.

3 Sainsbury ple

Board changes

In April we were pleased to announce that Jo Bertram will join

the Board as a Non-Executive Director and member of the CR&S
Committee following the AGM on 7 July 2022, subject to shareholder
approval. Jo Bertram is currently Managing Director, Business &
Wholesale, at Virgin Media 02. Prior to this, Jo held roles at Uber
and McKinsey. She is a highly talented strategic business leader
whose broad experience in technology-led sectors will bring fresh
perspective to the Board.

We also announced that Dame Susan Rice will step down at
Sainsbury's AGM on 7 July after nine years’ service with us.
Throughout her time she has been steadfast in doing the right thing
for our customers and colleagues. As Chair of the Remuneration
Committee Susan has played a vital role in ensuring our approach
to pay reflects our culture and values at ail levels of the organisation.
On behalf of all our colleagues I would like to thank Susan for her
commitment and dedication to Sainsbury's.

Finally, I would like to thank all of my colleagues for their extraordinary
efforts, support and flexibility over the past year. Once again you
have all risen to the challenges faced and you have been unwavering
in your commitment to do the right thing for our customers.

Martin Scicluna
Chairman

Strategic Report

J Sainsbury ple a

Chief Executive’s Q&A

One year into Sainsbury's three-year plan, Chief Executive of Sainsbury's,
Simon Roberts explains how the business has been relentlessly focused
on putting customers and colleagues first and doing the right thing.

1. How has your first full year as CEO of Sainsbury’s been?
It has been an unprecedented year in so many ways, for our customers,
our colleagues, our suppliers and the communities where we trade.
Throughout, we have been relentlessly focused on putting customers
and colleagues first and doing the right thing, while at the same time
working across our company to deliver our plan as we put food back
at the heart of Sainsbury's. We said we would invest in value,
innovation and service and that is exactly what we are doing —

and our results are showing that as we become more competitive,
more and more customers are choosing to shop with us.

COVID-19 continued to impact our business as more people ate at
hore and government restrictions affected our customers’ and
colleagues’ daily lives. With safety as our number one priority
throughout the pandemic, we constantly tried to stay as close as
possible to what mattered most to our customers and colleagues.
We encouraged face mask wearing even when it was not mandatory
and kept screens in the stores where customers wanted them.

We also supported all our colleagues by paying those who were
self-isolating or absent with COVID-19 related sickness, irrespective
of their vaccination status.

The effects of COVID-19 and the UK's decision to leave the European
Union also caused disruption to the industry's supply chains.
Shortages of key workers such as HGV drivers put pressure on our
ability to source and move products through the food supply chain
and the pandemic caused higher absence levels, both in stores and
for our suppliers. This meant that availability in our stores and online
was challenged. While the backdrop was difficult, particularly as we
approached Christmas, our teams worked exceptionally hard end

to end across our business to make sure we had food for everyone.
Our suppliers also did a great job under these challenging conditions,
and | thank them for all their support for our business.

As the cost of living puts pressure on household budgets, we have
made massive strides to improve our value offer. This is at the very
core of our strategy to be Food First and I am encouraged by the
progress we have made to become more competitive. We are
delivering the best value for money in at least six years and are
consistently inflating behind the market on the highest volume
products by investing ahead of competitors with a clear focus on
fresh food. The Sainsbury's Quality, Aldi Price Match campaign is
really popular and we will continue to focus on being great value

for our customers on the fresh and high-volume lines that are most
important to them. Through the year our Price Lock promotion fixed
the price of up to 2,000 iterns for at least eight weeks. Customers can
be assured that prices will not rise on these products, helping them
to plan and budget and through Price Lock we are holding down the
prices of more products than our competitors.

This year we have seen such fantastic support and hard work from all
of our colleagues right across the business and above all else, [ want
to thank every one of my colleagues for such an outstanding team
effort in what have been challenging circumstances. Over the last 18
months we have strengthened our Operating Board to help us drive
our company and our performance forward and I would like to thank
all my colleaques on the Board for their leadership, commitment

and support. I was delighted to promote Graham Biggart and appoint

2021/22 highlights

£730m*” £854m/’

Underlying profit before tax, Statutory profit before tax
up 104% versus the 2020/21 versus a loss of £164 million
financial year and up in the 2020/21 financial year
25% versus the 2019/20 and versus £278 million in
financial year the 2019/20 financial year

3.4% £141m’

Retail sales growth Non-lease net debt
(inc. fuel)

20%

Reduction in absolute greenhouse gas emissions within
our own operations, against our 2018/19 baseline

him to the newly created role of Chief Transformation Officer.
Paula Nickolds joined the business last summer and, less than
ayear in, she is already making a significant impact on our General
Merchandise & Clothing business.

2. What are you most proud of?

1am so proud of our colleagues and the entire Sainsbury's team.
Every day across our company I see and hear about our colleagues
consistently going above and beyond in showing genuine care

and concern for our customers and doing their very best to help.

Our colleagues have done a brilliant job, to navigate the pandemic,
manage labour shortages, and more recently the impact of the
devastating war in Ukraine as well as the cost of living crisis, which

I know is a big concern for us all. Every one of our team has shown
extraordinary resilience, determination and commitment to working
as a team over the last year and 1 would like to say a heartfelt thank
you to each and every one of them

In recognition of the role our retail colleagues play in delivering for
our customers and in all of our success, we were the first major
supermarket to pay colleaques the Living Wage wherever they are
in the UK.

Refer to ANernative Performance Measures on pages 203 t0 207 for definition and vecuncikation
tostatutory measures

‘he results for 2021 and 2020 have been restated ~ refer to note 2 of the financial statements
on page 113

oday a2ueU.an09 podey nBayens

syuawiayeys yerueUl4,

Strategic Report

“By putting our customers and colleagues
first and doing the right thing, I’m confident
we can build on the momentum we have
and continue to make good progress against
our plan.”

1am pleased with the momentum we have been building against our
plan. By putting our customers first and doing the right thing for our
colleagues, I'm confident we can build on this strong first year we have
had in food, supported by our Brands that Deliver and Save to Invest.

We have learnt a lot over the last year as a business about where

we can improve, move faster and work more effectively. We have
become more agile in anticipating the rapidly changing environment
around us and changes in how our customers are shopping. it will be
‘so important we continue to push forward and while, of course, it is
challenging to make the changes we are making, it has been really
positive to see what we have been capable of across our entire
business as we all learn to adapt and work smarter.

3. What have been the biggest shifts in the market?

The rapid shift to customers shopping groceries online has been
particularly stark. Whilst shopping patterns are beginning to return
to what we saw before the pandemic began, 17 per cent of the food
and groceries we sell is bought online, up from less than 9 per cent
two years’ ago. More than ever, customers want to be able to choose
how and when to shop, fuelling the rise of On Demand services,
particularly across grocery. We have responded by investing in

our online and digital channels and growing our On Demand offer.
Customers are now able to receive Sainsbury's orders in as little

as 30 minutes through Chop Chop, our rapid delivery service, and
through our partnerships with Uber Eats and Deliveroo. This rapid
move online accelerated by the pandemic has continued in General
Merchandise as we have accelerated the transformation of Argos.
Last year 39 per cent of all our sales across the business were
completed online.

During the pandemic, cooking at home was central to the way
households came together and as finances are increasingly under
pressure, shoppers are looking for cost-effective ways to enjoy eating
and drinking together. We are really well positioned to help customers
with this, offering value across a great choice of food, at different
price points, We are also innovating in response to the shift towards
eating at home and cooking from scratch, developing over 200
products as part of our ‘Inspired to Cook’ range, which makes home
cooking simple and tasty for customers. We also see customers
trading up more and sales of Taste the Difference are up 15 per cent
‘on two years ago

The pandemic has put supplier relationships under the spotlight and
those retailers like us with scale and strong networks have been able
to work with suppliers to minimise the impact of rising inflation as
much as possible. We have witnessed significant labour shortages
and like other retailers, we increased the recruitment of online

van and HGV drivers to ensure we were able to maximise delivery
availability and ensure the best possible availability for our customers.

4. What is the biggest challenge ahead?

We know everyone is feeling the impact of inflation which is why we
are so determined to deliver the best value for money we can for our
customers. As a result of being bold in our cost saving plans, we are
able to drive investment back into lower food prices and as a result,
we are consistently inflating behind competitors on the products
customers buy most often. We have real momentum in the business,
having outperformed key competitors on both a one and two-year

3 Sainsbury ple

basis while also delivering strong underlying profit growth, improved.
retums and consistent retail cash flow. This gives us a strong
foundation to keep building momentum in the year ahead and that
is what we are focused on ensuring we do. We have a clear strategy
and a clear plan and whilst the year ahead will be more challenging,
I believe we are well set to navigate these conditions as we drive our
strategy forward and continue to deliver the best value, innovation
and service we can for our customers.

5. What did you learn at COP26?

We know that the issues of climate change and protecting
biodiversity are very important to all our customers and to all our
colleagues. Tackling the climate crisis requires collaboration at all
levels and at COP26 it was inspiring to see what can be achieved
when we all pull together at the world level. COP26 was also

an opportunity to drive meaningful progress and represent and
campaign tor real change on behalf of our industry.

Alongside four other major UK retailers, we were really pleased to
sign WWF's Retailers’ Commitment for Nature, pledging to come
together in force to halve the environmental impact of the UK food
sector by 2030. And, we are also building on our commitments

to reduce carbon emissions, deforestation, food waste and the
packaging we produce.

Progress on the critical issue of climate change can only work if
countries, industries and organisations work systematically to
implement change across all their operations. At COP26 we announced
the acceleration of our target to become Net Zero across our own
operations by five years, frorn 2040 to 2035, in line with the UN's goal
to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees. Last year we also set an
absolute target to reduce our Scope 3 emissions by 30 per cent by 2030,
and in delivering these targets we will also endeavour to help our
customers make more sustainable choices when they shop with us,

The key will be for everyone to act on the promises they made at
COP26 and to really focus on making the step change needed to
confront global warming. We all need to be bold and constantly
challenge ourselves to do better — I am really clear that we can only
make the scale of change needed by working together with all our
stakeholders to find new and innovative ways to adapt consumer
habits and implement practices that are better for the planet, better
for customers and better for everyone.

6. How do you feel about the next 12 months?

I feel really positive and energised by the momentum we have and
the brilliant teams we have working across our business. We are fully
committed to do everything we can to help our customers navigate
the increasing costs of living and keep prices as low as we can.

We start this year in a good position financially, with continued
operating momentum supporting our strong competitive position.

Our strong focus on delivering value, innovation and service for our
customers and driving through our cost savings programme puts
us in a good position relative to our competitors and we expect to
continue our strong grocery volume market share performance.

We have a clear focus on keeping prices low and we will remain
committed in our determination to help everyone eat better as
we deliver for our customers, our colleagues, and our shareholders
whatever the external environment may bring.

Simon Roberts
Chiof Executive Officer

Strategic Report 3 Sainsbury ple

Business model

Driven by our passion for food, together we serve and
help every customer.

We are putting food back at the heart of Sainsbury's. Everything we do is underpinned by data and technology
We create value for stakeholders by building onthe heritage —_ innovation. And the single infrastructure that supports
and scale of our food business and our strong assets. our brands enables us to drive value and efficiency.

Building on our brand and strong assets

~ GRAPHIC REMOVED GRAPHIC REMOVED GRAPHIC REMOVED. GRAPHIC REMOVED _

Sainsbury’s brand Scale Strong Attractive
and own brand heritage Second largest food retailer operating cash flow customer base

MOVED _

GRAPHIC REMOVED _ GRAPHIC REMOVED GRAPHIC REMOVED _ ~ GRAPHIC

Our stores Reputation for Online scale Nectar, investment
Good catchments, service and capability in digital and innovation
strength in convenience

_ GRAPHIC REMOVED _

Our Plan for Better is integrated into everything we
do and is a key differentiator for us.
This year we accelerated our commitment to be Net Zero by 2035,
five years ahead of our original target.

Creating value for our stakeholders

Customers Colleagues Communities Suppliers Shareholders

loday aouewiarog podey 316a;e95

Squawiayeys [PoUeULY

Strategic Report

3 Sainsbury ple *

The Sainsbury’s Difference

Sainsbury’s brand

Sainsbury's is a trusted, well-loved brand that has been bringing
high quality, great value food to customers for over 150 years.

Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and Sainsbury's Bank are complementary
and give customers more reasons to shop with us.

Scale

We offer customers a choice of quality products. We have scale
positions in both food and non-food purchasing and can profitably
deliver a wide range of products and services to customers.

Strong operating cash flows

Our scale, customer proposition and operational efficiency generate
strong operating cash flows to reinvest in our customer offer and adapt
to rapidly changing shopping habits, while also paying dividends and
strengthening the balance sheet.

Attractive customer base

Sainsbury's is a trusted brand, loved by millions of customers
across the UK. We serve an attractive customer base and two thirds
of the UK population have shopped with Sainsbury's over the

last year' with a bias to a more affluent sociodemographic than
key competitors.

Stores

Our stores are well-placed, with a strong presence in the South and
in high footfall convenience locations. This helps us offer customers
complementary products, such as Tu, Argos and Habitat, as well as
cornplementary services such as financial services. Through our stores
we can also present the offers of carefully selected concession partners.
Service

Customers come to Sainsbury's for our outstanding customer
service. Our 171,000 colleagues are integral to our long-term success.
Online scale

Our Groceries Online business is increasingly profitable and in
the 2020/21 financial year we became the second largest online
grocery retailer.

Argos is the UK's third most visited online retailer and we are making
good progress to reduce the number of Argos standalone stores
we have and to offer more Argos stores inside Sainsbury's stores
We are improving the Argos distribution model, focusing on

high volume Local Fulfilment Centres (LFCs) to improve choice

and availability.

Nectar

Nectar provides a vital competitive advantage to our food business,
cour brands and a wide range of partners. It has strong profit growth
prospects through data monetisation and growing coalitions.

It enables us to offer our customers personalised rewards for

their loyalty,

How we create value

For customers

We listen carefully to our customers and we invest in what matters
to them. Our focus is on offering a broad range of great value,

high quality products — we then focus on strong availability and
excellent customer service, all delivered through our attractive
stores and a range of convenient digital channels. And we reward
our customers for their loyalty. We want to help everyone eat better
and are helping our customers to improve diets while reducing their
impact on the environment, one plate at a time.

For more information about how we engage with our stakeholders,
see pages 24 to 29.

For colleagues

We invest in our colleagues and are committed to paying them
fairly for their efforts. By creating an engaged workforce that is
invested in the progress of the business and the role they play

in our success, we will achieve high retention rates and deliver
superior customer service. See page 25 for more detail.

1 Nielsen IQ panel, Total FMCG (excl. Ktosk& Tobacco), 52 weeks ending P321/22

For suppliers

We are proud of our strong supplier relationships and we work
collaboratively with them to grow our business and theirs.

By improving technology and simplifying processes we are making
it easier for our suppliers to do business with us. See page 27 for
more detail.

For shareholders

Our Chief Executive Simon Roberts, and the Operating Board, have
done a very good job delivering against the key metrics we set
out in November 2020. As a result of our strong profit performance
and free cash flow generation, we are pleased to propose to
shareholders the highest final and full-year dividend for seven
years. We have used our strong cash generation in recent years

to reduce debt and return around 50 per cent of underlying net
earnings to shareholders through ordinary dividends. With debt
reduction ahead of schedule, we are increasing our payout ratio
to around 60 per cent.

For communities

We play an active role in local communities. Our customer feedback
programme and customer surveys help shape our community
programmes and this year we raised £38.4 million for good causes.
See page 28 for more detail.

Strategic Report J Sainsbury ple ’

Our strategy

We are one year into our three-year plan to transform
Sainsbury's and put food back at the heart of our business.

We are simplifying operations at pace and accelerating support our core food business, delivering for customers
our cost saving programmes in order to invest inimproving and shareholders in their own right. We will continue to
food quality, increasing choice and innovation and pursue partnerships and to outsource where appropriate,
consistently delivering value to customers. Our portfolio benefitting from third parties that can make a positive

podex 2160395

brands - Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and Sainsbury’s Bank —

Priorities

Better value and innovation

Underpinned by buying benefits
and lower cost to serve

Our clear priority is to build on our
strong brand heritage and reputation
for quality, range and innovation while
lowering prices and offering more
consistent value. We will offer high
quality, great value food wherever

and however customers want to shop.
with us. This is what putting food back
at the heart of Sainsbury's means.
Collaborating and simplifying how we
work with suppliers will create buying
benefits and lower our cost to serve.

Connected to
Customers

Sie Brands that
oy Deliver

Customer and profit focus
Supporting the core food business

We are refocusing the role of our
portfolio brands to ensure that they
contribute positively in their own right.
Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and
Sainsbury's Bank are all delivering

for their customers and are on track
to drive sustainable, profitable growth
to support our core food business.

Plan for

Better

impact for our customers.

Save to
Invest

Structurally lower operating costs
to fuel investment in the core
Cutting complexity and increasing
pace of execution

We will deliver a step change in
efficiency by transforming our

approach to costs, simplifying

our organisation and delivering a
structural reduction in our operating
cost base. We are on track with our
plan to reduce our retail operating
costs to sales ratio by at least 200
basis points, so we can reinvest in our
customer offer and deliver improved
financial returns.

Knowing and understanding our customers better than anyone

else is fundamental to our success. Nectar unlocks our ability
to connect with customers and drive that insight into our
business decision making and we now have over nine million
digital Nectar users. We listen to our customers and over

2.7 million respond to our customer satisfaction feedback
programmes a year.

As a responsible retailer, we want to help everyone eat better,
offering our products in a way that helps customers reduce
their impact on the environment one plate at a time. Our
commitment is to invest £1 billion over 20 years to become
Net Zero across our own operations by no later than 2035.

oday anueuianog

sqUAWa7e}s [eIUeULY

Strategic Report

Our priorities

J Sainsbury ple

Food
Ql First

We are putting food back at the heart of Sainsbury's. This means
we are focused on lowering prices, launching new products and
improving service.

We have gained grocery volume market share from our key
supermarket competitors on both a one and two-year basis!
and sales are up 7.6 per cent on a two-year basis.

Value

We are making good progress to improve the value of our food.

We know that the current cost of living situation is challenging for
everyone and we are relentlessly focused on delivering consistent
long-term value by offering customers great quality, tasty food at
low prices. As a result of being bold in our cost savings plan, we are
able to drive investment back into lower food prices and we are
consistently inflating behind competitors on the products custorners
buy most often — including milk, eags, potatoes, bread, vegetables,
fish and meat. As a result, our relative price position has remained
strong throughout the year — improving 310 basis points against
Aldi, year-on-year’, leading to more customers shopping with

us. By focusing on fresh and high-volume lines we are offering
customers better value, improving price perception and delivering
strong volume market performance.

Through the year our Price Lock promotion fixed the price of up to
2,000 items for a minimum of at least eight weeks. Customers can
be assured that prices will not rise on those products, helping them
to plan and budget. Through Price Lock we are holding down the
prices of more products than our competitors.

We have also increased the number of entry price point products
on offer for customers, including Greengrocer fruit & vegetables,
J. James meat and poultry and Stamford Street ready meals offer
customers a wide choice of products.

Innovation

We have delivered our plan to triple the number of new lines we sell,
launching over 1,900 products across all our food brands. We developed
our ‘Inspired to Cook’ range in response to the shift towards eating at
home and cooking from scratch, launching a range of over 200 products
across Grocery and Fresh Foods which make home cooking simple and
tasty for customers. In March we launched 350 new branded World
Food products, our biggest investment into this category to date and
in the first six weeks sales are up significantly.

Our premium Taste the Difference range continues to perform well,
particularly at key seasonal and celebratory moments when people
want to trade up, such as Christmas and Easter. We have grown sales
by 15 per cent versus two years ago.

In March we began our food hall transformation programme. We have
rolled out our successful Beauty Hall format in more stores, improved
the layout of our fresh ranges to make it easier for customers to shop,
increased our popular World Foods ranges and improved our in-store
bakeries. We have also simplified some of our ranges and provided

a greater breadth of products across others, delivering more choice
for customers on the products they really want.

Service

We are committed to rewarding our colleagues and all Sainsbury's
and Argos retail colleagues now receive a base rate of pay of £10 per
hour, above both the National Living Wage and the Living Wage.

In March we increased inner London pay from £10.10 to £11.05 in line
with the London Living Wage. We have announced that from 1 May
2022 the outer London rate will also be moving to £11.05, from £10.50.
This means that all Sainsbury's and Argos retail colleaques earn the
Living Wage wherever they are in the UK. We were the first supermarket
among the big four to make this happen.

Alongside competitive pay we also offer a comprehensive benefits
package, including year-round colleague discount of 10 per cent,
increased to 15 per cent for five days around every pay day, pension
contributions and an improved family leave policy

We improved customer service scores in supermarkets? and are
adapting our Sainsbury's store estate to offer more new and
innovative products. This year we opened four new supermarkets
and as part of our drive to offer a broader range of distinctive food
to customers in-store, on the move and at home, we announced
bold new plans to transform our eat-in, takeaway and home delivery
offer. Through a partnership with Boparan Restaurant Group we
have developed “The Restaurant Hub” format, a food hall style
offer with different brands which we will roll out across 30 stores
in the next year, with more to come in the future. We will also
open 30 Starbucks cafés in Sainsbury's stores in the next year,
bringing the total number to 60. We took the decision to close
200 underperforming cafés in the Spring.

Our Convenience business grew 9 per cent driven by more people
returning to the workplace, with sales now broadly back at pre-
pandemic levels. We opened 19 convenience stores and closed 23.

We are making progress with our plan to open more Neighbourhood
Hub stores which give customers a larger, more convenient local store
with a wider produce range, more choice and better services.

39 per cent of our overall business now comes through digital channels,
versus 23 per cent in FY 2019/20. We are seeing a normalisation

of pre-COVID-19 shopping patterns as customers are returning to
shopping in stores and demand for Groceries Online, non-food home
delivery and Click & Collect has stabilised, although it remains more
than double pre-pandemic levels