J Sainsbury plc

Mat Re eport and
in ‘ial Sta temen its 2023

>

2

4 !

& *ACOOMDOZ* 1

° is 05/08/2023 #67 |
COMPANIES HOUSE 1

Helping everyone
eat better

John James and Mary Ann Sainsbury
set up Sainsbury’s in 1869 with a desire
to bring good food at affordable prices
to everyone, and this is as important
today as it was all those years ago.

So driven by our passion for food,

we will serve and help every customer,
giving them delicious, great quality
food at great prices all year round.

Our focus on great value food and convenient shopping,
whether in-store or online is supported by our brands —
Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and Sainsbury’s Bank.
Sainsbury’s has around 600 supermarkets and over 800
convenience stores. Argos is a leading digital retailer

and last year was the third most visited retail website in
the UK, with over 70 per cent of its sales starting online.
Argos products are conveniently available for customers
to collect from hundreds of Sainsbury's stores. Our digital
and technology capabilities enable us to adapt as customers
shop differently and our profitable, fast-growing online
channels offer quick and convenient delivery and collection.

Our colleagues are at the heart of serving and helping our
customers every day and are vital to our success, now and
in the future.

Strategic Report

Strategic Report

01 Contents and Performance highlights

02 Chair's letter

04 Chief Executive's letter

07 Business model

09 Our strategy

10 Our priorities

13. Plan for Better

18 Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures {TCFD)

29 Engaging with our stakeholders and
our Section 172 statement

36 NewKPis

37 Legacy KPIs

38 Financial Review

44 Principal Risks and Uncertainties

60 Non-financial information statement

Governance Report

62 Board of Directors

66 Operating Board

69 Board leadership and Company
purpose

75 Composition, succession and
evaluation

78 Division of responsibilities

79 Nomination and Governance
Committee Report

82 Corporate Responsibility and
Sustainability Committee Report

84 Audit Committee Report

90 Annual Statement fromthe
Remuneration Committee Chair

96 Annual Report on Remuneration

108 Remuneration Policy

114 Additional statutory information

Financial Statements

118 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

119 Independent auditor's report to the
members of J Sainsbury pic

126 Consolidated financial statements

131 Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

134 income statement notes

148 Financial position notes

188 Cash flows notes

194 Employee remuneration notes

204 Additional disclosures

210 Company financial statements

212 Notes to the Company financial
statements

216 Additional shareholder information

219. Alternative performance measures

224 Glossary

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2023

Performance highlights

01

5.2%

Retail sales growth (inc. fuel) versus
the 2021/22 financial year. Excluding
fuel sales increased 2.0%

£690m

Underlying profit before tax, down 5%
versus the 2021/22 financial year and

up 18% versus the 2019/20 financial year

£327m

Statutory profit before tax versus £854
million in the 2021/22 financial year
and versus £278 million in the 2019/20
financial year

£926m

Retail operating profit, down 7% versus
the 2021/22 financial year and down 1%

versus the 2019/20 financial year

By
ES
o
2,
a
3
3
3°
ra

23.0p

Underlying basic earnings per share, up
16% versus 19.8p in the 2019/20 financial
year, but down 9% versus 25.4p in 2021/22.

Basic earnings per share 9.0p

7.6%

Retum on capital employed, down 80bps
versus the 2021/22 financial year and up

20bps versus the 2019/20 financial year

£34.5m

Raised for good causes

£560m

Invested over two years in value

51.4%

Reduction in absolute greenhouse gas
emissions within our own operations,
from our 2018/19 baseline

£225m

Investment decisions in colleague pay
and benefits over the past year

10m+

Meals donated through Neighbourly

© Read more about our KPis on page 36.

Find out more at

www.about.sainsburys.co.uk/ar2023

juoday a2ueusaA05,

sqUaWiayeis |e}DUeUL

02 Strategic Report

Chair’s letter

Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2023

Chair Martin Scicluna reviews the business activity in the year.

A year of progress

Two years into our plan to put food back at the heart of
Sainsbury's, I remain hugely impressed by the passion of
our colleagues and the quality of our team under Simon's
leadership as we deliver on our priorities and make bold
decisions to develop and grow the business.

Just as we began to experience a more normal operating environment
in the aftermath of COVID 19, we encountered the most challenging
economic conditions seen for a very long time. The ongoing war in
Ukraine is disrupting global supply chains and impacting the prices
of essential commodities such as food and fuel, leading to rapid
inflation. The cost of living crisis continues to have a huge impact
and rising interest rates mean it is a really tough economic
environment for customers, colleagues.and suppliers alike.

In November 2020 our Chief Executive Simon Roberts and the
Operating Board set out an ambitious three-year plan to put food
back at the heart of our business. They have done an excellent job

at continuing to deliver against the key metrics we set out over two.
years ago. Grocery is a fiercely competitive market and it takes time
to build a value proposition — actions we took when we launched our
plan are why we are able to deliver genuine value for our customers
now, when it really matters. As a result of our bold and deliberate
price investments, we have grown our volume market share and
customers are benefitting from our much improved position on price.

Throughout these challenging times, our colleagues have continued
to deliver for our customers and I would like to thank them all for
their exceptional service and commitment. They are at the core of
everything we do at Sainsbury's and their dedication is critical to the
long-term success of our business.

We are committed to doing all we can to support them, particularly
in the current environment. This is why we have made pay and
benefit investment decisions totalling £225 million over the last year.
We led the industry on colleague pay and were the first major
supermarket to pay colleagues above the Living Wage nationally
and at the Living Wage in London. As a result of the scale of our
overall investment, pay for frontline retail colleaques has increased
44 per cent over seven years. Simon and our leadership team are
especially passionate about this topic and it has been a big focus
for the business this year.

The industry is facing unprecedented pressures and we are working
closely with all our suppliers so that we can better understand the
challenges they are facing. I firmly believe that prioritising financial
support to our farmers is the right thing to do to ensure that they
have the confidence and resources to be able to invest in supplying
our customers, both now and in the future. Over the last 12 months
we have done a huge amount to support our suppliers with rising
costs and also to help secure supply, heavily investing in the British
suppliers who produce our beef, poultry, pork and dairy to make sure
our customers can still find great products on our shelves.

In such extraordinary times, it is only right that we balance the needs
of all our stakeholders and we are extremely mindful of the importance
of shareholders as well as customers, colleagues and suppliers. Our
strong balance sheet enables us to reinvest in the business, positioning
Sainsbury's for long-term resilience and continuing to deliver value
for shareholders.

As we look ahead to the coming year, we are hoping for a period of
greater stability. In February, we welcomed the positive news on The
Windsor Framework, which hopefully will help to simplify processes
and reduce friction when we move products between Great Britain
and Northern Ireland. We are working hard to ensure that as a result
of the Framework, the customers in our 12 Northern Ireland stores
are able to access the full range of products, at the same great prices,
as customers in Great Britain.

However, all retailers, both big and small, are facing soaring costs
and supply chain pressures and we have consistently said that we
need an urgent and fundamental reform of business rates. While the
freeze to the business rates multiplier for this year and the reform of
Transitional Relief are steps in the right direction, we firmly believe
that much more still needs to be done. Business Rates reform would
not onty prevent store closures and protect much-needed jobs, but
for Sainsbury's and many other food retailers, a reduction in rates
would also enable greater investment into keeping food prices low
for customers at this critical time.

Strategic update

Today, we are two years into our three-year plan to transform
Sainsbury's and put food back at the heart of the business and Simon
and his team are making impressive progress. They are delivering

on our priorities and continue to make bold decisions to speed up
the pace of change and development across the business. They

have simplified operations and ensured our cost savings programme
remains on track, so that we can invest at scale where it matters most;
our people, driving Service for customers and Supporting our Suppliers.

We are building brands that deliver and support investments in our
wider customer offer. Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and Sainsbury's Bank
are all contributing positively in their own right, supporting our
ambition in food. Our brands have always had a great reputation

for value and as our customers continue to watch their spending,
we're focused on making sure our price points are more competitive
than ever.

In order to further simplify the business and reduce costs, there
have unfortunately been difficult decisions to make. In January,

we announced plans to close the Argos business in the Republic

of Ireland, as trading and performance had become increasingly
challenged and operating costs continued to rise. These decisions
are not made lightly, but it is important to be able to save money
and reinvest where it can make the biggest difference for the future.

You can tead more about our progress to put food back at the heart
of Sainsbury's on page 10.

Building a Business for the Future

In June 2021, we launched our sustainability strategy, Plan for Better,
a core part of our broader strategy to put food back at the heart of
Sainsbury's. Our Plan for Better commitment is a key driver in the
development of our business as the environmental and social

g the world have never been greater. The

it food is produced, sourced, packaged and
disposed of has major consequences. By Helping everyone eat better
we are committing to playing a leading role in offering delicious,
affordable food that supports healthy and sustainable diets and helps
customers reduce their impact on the planet one plate at a time.

Strategic Report

At COP26 in November 2021, where we were the Principal Supermarket :
Partner, we signed up to WWF's Retailers’ Commitment for Nature,
ajoint commitment to halve the environmental impact of UK shopping :
baskets by 2030. Building on that commitment, this year we have i
updated our targets to align to a 1.5-degree climate commitment |
across all scopes and timeframes and announced a new shared i
Climate Action Programme to drive progress in our collective supply |
chains. Our Food Commercial division has also'set out individual |
category level targets across our priority areas, including plastic, |
health, food waste and carbon Scope 3, to ensure full accountability
for delivery of our commitments and enable accelerated action. |
|
'
|
|
'
|
|

We're continuing to work towards our goal to become Net Zero across |
our operations by 2035 and have made bold steps over the past year
towards this. In July 2022, we introduced the Sainsbury's Innovation
Investments initiative to support start-up businesses commercialising
sustainable technologies and this year, for the ninth consecutive
year, we were pleased to be awarded an A rating for our Climate
Change CDP submission and were the only UK food retailer to have
achieved this.

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2023 03

impairments, driven by a material increase in discount rates, and

' exceptional income from legal settlements received in the prior year.

We achieved strong Retail Free Cash Flow of £645 million and average

| Free Cash Flow delivery in the three years to March 2023 of £644

million. Retail Free Cash Flow includes the £50 million dividend paid
from Sainsbury's Bank to the Group in April 2022. We remain on track
to deliver at least £500 million Retail Free Cash Flow per year.

We delivered non-lease Net Debt reduction of £285 million, closing
the year in a Net Funds position of £144 million. Underlying basic
earnings per share was 23.0p and basic earnings per share was 9.0p.

@® More information on our financial performance can be found
in the Financial Review on pages 38 to 43.

Delivering for our shareholders

The Board proposes a final dividend of 9.2p per share, bringing the
full-year dividend to 13.1p per share. Our policy to pay a dividend
of around 60 per cent of underlying earnings has atlowed us to

| maintain a full year dividend which is flat year-on-year, despite a

' decline in earnings, and reflects our commitment to deliver strong

Following the human rights saliency assessment we carried out
last year, we have also strengthened our ambition on human rights
and launched new commitments that address our most relevant
human rights risks and emerging issues that affect people within
our supply chain. 1

dividends for shareholders.

Remuneration
When determining incentive outcomes and total remuneration
received by the Executive Directors, the Remuneration Committee

, considers a number of factors including executive pay in the context

On a more local level, we launched our newcommunity and
partnerships programme, Nourish the Nation, in response to the
rising cost of living, to help provide food and urgent support to
those most in need. Working with longstanding charity partners
Comic Relief, FareShare and other key redistribution partners, we are
providing funding to initiatives designed to tackle food insecurity
and ensure communities have access to balanced, nutritional and
sustainable food sources, now and in the future.

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion has also been a longstanding priority
for Sainsbury's and we make sure that inclusion is led from the

very top and is recognised in everything we do. So that Sainsbury's
remains a leading inclusive retailer, we have developed our Diversity
and Inclusion strategy and set ambitious targets to increase
representation of women to SO per cent for senior leaders and

43 per cent for senior management positions by 2024. This is coupled
with an Ethnically Diverse representation target of 12 per cent and

a Black representation target of 3 per cent for both senior leaders
and senior management positions.

In the latest FTSE Women Leaders review we came third with
50.7 per cent senior women across our combined executive
committee and direct reports. Only 23 FTSE 100 companies have
met or exceeded the 40 per cent target. We were at 36.4 per cent
in 2019 and ranked 56th, so I am really proud to see such good
progress over the last few years, as we work towards our targets
for gender balance across our senior leadership team.

We report on our Plan for Better progress every six months and you can
read more about what we have delivered this year on pages 13 to 28.

Financial Review

We delivered a strong performance this year against a comparative
which benefited last year from elevated COVID-19 sales. Underlying
profit before tax was £690 million, down 5 per cent versus FY2021/22
and at the top end of our £630 million to £690 million guidance range.
The strength of our ongoing cost savings programme, and lower t
finance charges, allowed us to mitigate the impact of rising operating
cost inflation while also investing to help customers and colleagues.

Statutory revenue was up 5.3 per cent to £31,491 million. Statutory
profit before tax was £327 million versus £854 million in FY2021/22.
This 62 per cent decline reflects the impact of non-cash asset

of the broader workforce, investments and the perspectives of our
stakeholders. It also ensures that payments reflect the Company's
‘underlying performance.

‘Simon's remuneration for the year reflects the strong performance
of the business and the progress we have made against our strategy.
Under Simon's leadership, Sainsbury's is a fundamentally stronger

| business. Our grocery market share has continued to increase and

we have significantly improved our price position against all our
competitors. Simon has demonstrated outstanding drive and
determination to do the right thing for our customers, colleagues,
communities and shareholders and on behalf of the Board I would
like to thank him for his continued hard work and considerable
achievements.

@ For more information on this year's remuneration awards,
please see pages 90 to 113.

Board changes

After six years as Chief Financial Officer at Sainsbury's, Kevin O'Byrne
confirmed his intention to retire in July last year. Following Kevin's
retirement, Blathnaid Bergin joined the Board in March 2023 as our
new Chief Financial Officer, having joined Sainsbury's in 2019 as
Group Director of Finance before moving to Commercial and Retail
Finance Director in 2021.

| I would like to thank Kevin for his major contribution to Sainsbury's

since he joined the board in 2017. He has led a transformation in
our financial performance and balance sheet such that we are now
in a materially stronger position as we look to the future.

Conclusion

Finally, | would like to once again thank all of my colleagues,
including our Operating Board and Simon, for their huge efforts
and support over the past year. You are at the heart of everything

‘ we do at Sainsbury's and your dedication to serving and helping

every customer is critical to the long-term success of our business.

: Martin Scicluna

Chair

2
a
8
a.
a
z
2
3
iy
a

oday aauewiarc

s]UaUa}eys |e}DUeULY

“sn. yy doys fipjaam say) jo. a10w Butop.

quapyuod jaa) fiay] yyy os shGa pue ypu ‘saiqeyaGan pue yny ‘a2uIL
“syseaiq uay21y) Burpn}dut ‘uayJo so fing siaLUO}SND Sua}! YSA4j UO
sndoy e YM S}>Npoud OOE PuNcue Buiyr}ew ‘jah UBiedwed ysabbiq
JNO PayIUNe] aM 13QUUAIAG JO PUA BY) Jy “YEW Ad IP|V Sy!
suBiedwie> y6noiy) uswysanut aud Bursyoud a1,am ium s,yeuL
“sya6png 1a]Y6 yonw UO spjoyasnoy 4184) paay WAL) djay 0} sn UO
6urfija: ave Fay) yey) Aquno> ay) uMop pue din siawoysn> WoL Jeay |

"$184J0 MOU -S,FuRQsUleS an|eA ay} aas flay; UayM

sn ym Bulfieys pue sn yim Buiddoys siawioysnd aiow 0} pa] aAey
mo} saoud Buidaay ul ape ary am S]UBLYSAAUL Buy} PUP SsauIsNg
ayy JO WeaY ayy ye »eq Poo} Bury ind ui Burjew au,am ssasBoid ayy
yeu) 2BueYD 0} UOIssIW INO y] apeW aM puke aiaymasja Burddoys
poo; 11843 Bulop fig anjen 1a}jaq 126 pyno> fay) yjay suaU0}sN>

4NO JO Flue 00} Je} J2a]9 Sem 9! ‘UPI ZNO paydUNe] am a1ojag

sfiungsures Jo q1eay ay} ye 4>eq Pooy Bury¢Nd “SAI POOd

'S43p|OYAIEYS NO 104 AN|eA

twa}-6u0] Burjeai ‘s}jnsau jernueUY Buoys pas@nyjap aney am pue
asIpueyDay [e1aUa5 pue poo, ut fijbuons payaduuo> aney am ‘spueiq
Ano ssouze Aiyyiqeyyoid Burrouduut aie am ‘siopyaduuod Jayeuadns
6x2} 184}0.0} dnneja: Pancidu sey aieys jayseW aLuNjon far06.
No ‘yINsai e sy ‘sualddns sno ym sdiysuonjejas pue sdiyssauyed
saBuons aney am pue annanpaid aw, pur pabebua aow.ae
san6eajjo2 sno ‘sn yyim Buiddoys ase siai0ysnd aio "JUeVOdLUI OS
aie fiayy fiym st yum ‘s}eob w4a}-sa6u0] sno 0} sasop sn Bulaow
osje are ayy yng ‘W1a} 1104s au) Ul SyINsai Jaqy{ap 0} sn padjay aney
Jeafi sed ay) 1aA0 ape sAey aM SJUBLUYSAAU! PUP SUOISIDSp aUL

‘Sanjays 1NO
uo yadxa flay} syanpoud ay} {12 Puly OF anuNUOD-UeD SiaUO}sND INO:

Buunsua pue aunyny ay) 10 iysnput pooy ysiyig Jualtisal eB ULEJULELL |

0} Burdjay ‘wiayy Loddns 0} ued. am jje Op.0} sarjasino. Burysnd.
daay yim am ‘Wa)sfis poo) yn By} 0} [PID Ajsynjosqe aze fiayy
MOU, aM PUP Siaonpoid pue SiBLUIEY YSIIE INOge are? Ayes aM.
‘apa ySe] ayy JAAO SsaUey a2Npoid pue Anrep “yea ysiyUg 0} Yoddns
JeuoNIppe jo uo\|!W 993 BulAt6 ‘sureyd fiddns pooy fiay iuew

40) Woddns je!ueuy |eUONPpe pasiquoud aney am fiym seus
“way jo fiuew 105 y6no) Ailan uaag sey }] MOU aM PUP LONE|UI JO
sq2eduu Japim ay) pue ABiaua pue snoge| jo $3s0 Burs ‘auiesin,
Ul 12M ay} JO [NSAI e se sUIeYD Fijddns ssowe sainssaid Bulobuo
payebiaeu aney sialddns uno ‘syyuow ZT yse] ayy 18A9 ‘sdiysuauyed
SAU} 0} Pay}!WUWWOd fijdaap aie am pue ssaljddns ino yo fuew

05 YM aney am sdiysuoneja: Buipueysbuo} ay} jo pnaid aie any

ynsai e se Burnosdun ose Fainqepere pue paads

“SSaUl|PUAIL) J0j UONIEySHVeS 19WO}SND pue seafi-uo-seah Buinosdur
uonennow pue juawabebua anbea}jo9 yy ‘pabebua aio jaa) 0}
stuea} sno Buidjay aie pue sanbea}|o2 000'ZST uno ssoize paniadai
Fianisod uaaq aney apew am sabuey? ayy ‘fiep ajburs fuana ssazons
4no 0) |eyUaepUTY os are fiayy se sanbeayjo2 ino ynoge Aijdaap

JB BM “SSBUISNG 4NO Pue PUIG JNO Ul JUBLUJSBAUI jeTUaSSA UP Se
JuatwywWLWO? siyy aas | INg ‘sabueY> ENA asay} ax4euL OF SOD B'S} Alay
‘SiNOD JO ’s}\Jauaq BulAoiduu pue fied anBeayjo> Guisea:dut ut seafi
JSP] BU} BAO. JUBLUYSAAU! LON $223 & PSIUNOUUE BABY 3M '}2}0} UE

‘0S Op 0} JayJeWWadNs JOfeW ys! 3uy SN Burjew pue abe Guar
uj Jo peaye fied jo aye1 sno Burseasour ‘seafi 2 un att] Pulyy ayy
40) ure6e ed anbeajo pastes am ‘fuenuec uy ‘buiddoys say) uo

a1ow anes san6ea}[od sno djay 0} sfungsuies pue soby ye sjunodsip
Jadaap pur. sytys Guunp ayqentene. pooy aay Yim ‘puofiag pue.1a]UIM
ayy YBnouy sanBealjo2 yoddns 0) aex2ed Burny] Jo ys09 antsuayxa
ue aeid ul nd pue asu fied puodas e yyM saquiaydas ul paye

am iy SI JeUL ‘SIItq Ployasnoy UMo 4134) Buified ynoge parsom
osye ave fiay) yeu) 3Ng ‘siBWUO}SND 0} Bd!AU~as ySaq ayy BurpiAoid 0}
paywwod are fiayy Jey pies aney sanBeayjo) ‘figunos ay} punae
sanqua) Yoddns a10)5 pue sjodap ‘sais sno {|e ssoide sanBeayjor
0) Gutuaysi ay sno yo yon Juads aney | pue Wea} diysiapea}
JolUas JNO “1eafi ay) jnoYBnosy, ‘san6eajjod sno 40y aes ay) BUOP
‘AARY aM ‘S1dWO]SNI INO 105 Woddns BuistuoHd se au} aWeS ayy IW

“mo| sanud ino daay 0] ued am Buiyyfiuana op

pue way) fig purys 0) aNUNUOD [1M am JY] S1BWIO}SND uno ainsse
ued | 1Ng ‘aU AWOs JO) sn YIM aq 07 BuI0b are uOIe)JuI Jo syed
BuroGuo ay *,S109!;adWo> fiax sno UeY) a7e1 Jamojs Be Paye|ul
aney Sadld Poo sNo yeu} painsua Aiyyuaysisuod aney aM “JaxJEW

ay) Ssoude VONE|JUI ides YONs Uaas BABY aM IS|IYAA 1aqua7aq

Ul paduNouUe aM JUSWIILULUOD aU} UU] BOW VON] OT ‘sueAA
Om] ySed ay} JAAO LONI O9S3 1aA0 Bunsanut ‘anje s8}}8q JANap
0} asiwoud uno dn paddays aney am ym s,jeyt ‘poo fnyenb pooh
‘aqepioye YM SaijtwUes say? PIay URI-Fiayy JeYy OS Mo} Sarud-daay
s} op ued am Buty) ysab61q ay) pue punod fisana pur fiuuad fuand
Buuypyem aue fiayy yeun sn Gunja} uaag arey siatuoysnd ‘fiep fang

Ayyiqeyjoud pue a2uewitoj1ad uno premioy Buraup ‘ay

wes ay) Je pul Burnt) Jo SO a4) YPM Buryioddns ‘auaayyip jea1 &
YEW 07 JeAfi ayy jNoyBnoiy} sjUaW}saAul aye1aq!|ap Pue 921042
Jea}2 apew arey aM ‘SANGeal|Od pue s1BLO}SND JNO 0} GuIua}sI|
figuaysisuod ‘uoisidap Firana 0} yeosdde yssy ajdoad puke ysu1j poo} e
uayey aney am seeft siut AyoUd ysabGig Au uaag sey suaiddns pue
sanBea}[0> ‘siaW0}SN9 JNO 0} pay2auUod Burfieys ‘a2ej 0} Buinuyuo ae
sployasnoy jo.suon}us 724} Sa6uayjey.Hurnyy jo ysod.s0few ayy UaAly-

\ layeg s1aulo3sn>.
@ 4)105 ued 0} payauu0D
JSBAUT 419A1190. 282 ySily
0} anes yeyy spur AO poo4
SAILINOIUd JIDALWULS AAIS

“MOU UBL 3! PaBU OYM aSOY} JOj JSAAU!.O] SN

6unyioddns ase pue wWa}-6u0} aj 4an0 Janljap 0} suoisi2ap WY6u ayy
ayetu 0) sn Burpin6 are sauoud 216ayeNs sno yey) oda 0) paseajd wi,
‘upd sno ysureBe ssaiBoud ainsea 0) swiea} Jno |e 10 dewipeor
4ea) e apiaoid yo1yM ‘saquoud anly fig pauuidiapun si ibayeys nO.

“siapjoyaieys pue sa}quNLLWOd ‘sanBealjo> ‘siawi0}sN>

ANO. 10} J2A\|ap.0} paubisap sem.s,fungsuies jo Weay ayy ye 49eq

P00} 3Nd 0} 0ZOZ LAQUIAAON Ul NO Yas am URId 216272135 ay] PUR Pooy
| Fiqyenb yBiy ‘anyea yeai6 12)J0 01 si fyoud ing ‘fijsnouas os 18}38q Yea
auofiiana Buldjay 0} JUaLWyIWWOD NO a2] 3M fiym s,Jey} pue Lara
uey} yue}odwi! a0 Si fiepo} ajo1 uno aaaljaq | ‘saNILUey say} Paes
$18UU0)SN9 sno padjay pur arias aM SarUNLULUOD ayy Ut a[o4 JofeUL
® pafield sfiemje aney am ‘698T Ul papuno; sem sfiungsules aouIS

“siaplOyaieys PUP SAl]UNLUWOD ‘sanBeal}Od ‘siaU0}SND 04

Buuanyap si sfungsures moy sute|dxa spaqoy UOLUIS ‘SIS BurAy Jo S09 au) fig payeutwop Jeah e Uy

19379] S,SALNIOX® JolyDd

€202 woday jenuuy 21d fianqsures ¢

Hoday 262725 +0

Strategic Report

At the same time, customers are spending more time eating at
home. That's why we made product innovation such a key part of
our plan and over the last two years we have built a brilliant team

of product developers, who last year successfully launched nearly
1,400 new food products, including exciting new ranges and more
extensive vegetarian and vegan options. We've been bolder for all
the key events and we have offered more choice and quality for our
customers, with a big emphasis on Taste the Difference, which has
outperformed the market through major events including Christmas
and last year’s Jubilee”. We delivered our third winning Christmas?,
gaining share from our competitors and importantly, we are learning
all the time about how we can do an even better job in serving and
delivering for our customers at these key moments.

The investments we are making, fuelled by our cost saving
programme, are driving popular campaigns like Aldi Price Match
and Price Lock and bringing thousands of new products to
customers, but we're not stopping there. Retail has never been
more competitive and we are determined to maintain the strong
momentum we now have and consistently deliver the best value,
quality and service for all our customers.

Brands that Deliver: Supporting our core food business

Our five brands — Argos, Habitat, Tu Clothing, Sainsbury's Bank and
Nectar are central to our plan as they each make progress in delivering
‘for custorners and shareholders in their own right. As the performance
of these brands has improved, they increasingly support our
commitment to make the necessary investments to put Food First.
As more customers shop for food with us, they also buy more products
from our brands because of the value, range and convenience we
offer. Our focus on making our brands stronger and more profitable
in their own right has provided us with the firepower to invest in
better value. innovation and service for customers.

Argos continues to perform strongly, following the acceleration of
its transformation and as a result is now a much more profitable
business than prior to the pandemic. We have closed 45 standalone
stores and opened 24 Argos stores in supermarkets and we're
benefiting from the reduction in rents and rates. Argos is now in over
1,000 different locations around the UK and the certainty of Fast
Track delivery, often under four hours, and Click & Collect has been
very well received by customers. We've expanded our UK network

of Local Fulfilment Centres to 17, revolutionising our logistics and
fulfilment network to provide faster deliveries and better availability.
Our transformation programme is giving customers a better experience
and customer satisfaction scores are consistently up on last year.

Tu Clothing passed the landmark of £1 billion in sales this year, as
we've focused on growing a stronger online presence and working
with more third-party brands to offer better value and more regularly
updated ranges for customers. We gained value share in a number
of homeware categories*, despite discretionary spending being under
pressure. Habitat launched nearly 3,000 new products this year and
customer feedback continues to be strong. Financial Services is a
more focused business compared to pre-pandemic. Although its
Joan book is smaller, revenue is back in line and expenses are lower.

Our Nectar programme is turbocharging how we connect with
customers and is central to our value proposition, offering personalised
discounts, better value and encouraging more customers to shop
with us. We now have over 18 mitlion Nectar members and more than
11 million digital Nectar users and since the launch of Your Nectar
Prices in September 2021, customers have saved over £61 million.

‘We have just taken our biggest and boldest step yet, with the
introduction of Nectar Prices, going even further to save our customers
money by rewarding their loyalty with discounts in supermarkets
and online. Nectar360 is also growing fast and is on track with its
plan to deliver £90 million of incremental profit by March 2026.

It offers loyalty, insight and marketing services to over 700 brands

to help them understand and engage with their customers.

J Sainsbury plc Annual Report 2023 0S

Save to Invest: Becoming a simpler, more efficient
business, re-investing where it matters most

Our cost saving programme, Save to Invest, drives our ability to
become a simpler, more efficient business, providing the fuel for us
to invest where it makes the biggest difference for our customers
and colleagues. Two years into our plan, the improvements we have
been able to make are delivering results and providing competitive
advantage as we reduce our operating costs at a faster pace than
competitors. We have continued to make necessary and sometimes
difficult choices as we work to make this business simpler and

mare agile, whilst always being as thoughtful and as considered as
possible about the impact of changeon our people and our partners.
It is crucial that we maintain this firepower and as we look ahead,
our major focus is on simplifying what we do, advancing automation
and digitisation to improve our customer experiences and in being at
our most efficient across our end-to-end processes. We have strong
momentum across our cost savings programme and this will remain
a key priority as we focus on building our business for the future and
on delivering more value for our shareholders.

We are becoming a fundamentally more efficient and more
productive business. Our end-to-end transformation programme

has strengthened Argos, making it a significantly more competitive
and profitable business. We know this made a very positive difference
to customers during the postal strikes over Christmas and last
summer's hot weather, when there was particularly high demand

for seasonal products.

Our cost savings have enabled us to invest over £560 million in value
over the last two years, as well as rewarding our colleagues more,
which is so important because we know this is driving better
customer service. By becoming more competitive on price, we have
consistently inflated behind the market and more customers are
shopping at Sainsbury's. Our teams have really driven our Save to
Invest programme and it has become a galvanising programme

of change for us as we have been able to reinvest in our colleagues
and customers.

Connected to Customers: Customers at the centre of
everything we do

Staying close to our customers is key to our success because we
know that satisfied customers will spend more with us and do more
of their shopping at Sainsbury's.

This year we have also seen a consistent shift towards customers
returning to our stores following the pandemic and our Convenience
business achieved sales of £3 billion for the first time, driven by more
people returning to the workplace and wanting the flexibility to shop
how and where they want.

We're investing more into our stores to improve customer experience
and future-proof our business. For example, we know that it is
important for customers to be able to easily find low prices when
they shop with us, so we have rolled out more value-focused aisles
in supermarkets to help customers find our special offers and
discounts in one place.

1L_Nielsen panel data, Top 100 SKUs by retailer. Average Seling Price YoY growth. S2 weeks to 4 March 2023.
‘Nielsen EPOS data ~ 35 volume growth Yor’ difference to Total Market growth YoY" for key events,
week growth versus last year events week

antar worldpanel division, Christmas » 4 weeks to 25 December 2022, 26 December 2021.

27 December 2020 and 29 December 2019. Total Grocery volume growth. Q3+I2 weeks 10

25 December 2022, 26 December 2021.27 December 2020 and 29 December 2019.

‘Kantar Retail Share Total Clothing. Footwear & Accessories ~% sales volume. 24 weeks ending SFeb 2023

»

¢
a
8
8
a
r-J
3
3
3
a

oday a2ueUsan05

‘SyUBWA}e}S |e!IUeUI

06 Strategic Report

Plan for Better: Building a sustainable business for

the future

This year has shown more than ever some of the profound climate
challenges facing us all and while we have made good progress
against the commitments laid out in our Plan for Better, we are very
aware how much further both our business and the wider food
industry need to go if we are to protect global food supply chains
and reduce environmental impact.

We have led the way in the support we've given to British suppliers
in response to the unprecedented challenges they have been
navigating. Our teams and J regularly meet with our suppliers

and farmers to understand how we can best support and work
with them, continuing to deliver through strong partnerships and
acommitment to deliver against our Plan for Better.

An example of the progress we are making is our new partnership
with Moy Park. We have signed a long-term contract which means
from March 2023 by Sainsbury's fresh and frozen chicken is teared
with 20 per cent more space than the Red Tractor industry standard.
This means our customers can always be confident that the chicken
they purchase from Sainsbury's is reared under these improved
welfare conditions, but at the same great price. Chicken is by far the
most popular protein source in the UK and this partnership with Moy
Park has enabled them to make the investments necessary to support
our own Net Zero and Scope 3 carbon reduction commitments. We are
now seeing farms running from solar energy with real innovations in
chicken feed, one of the largest causes of Scope 3 emissions. Working
together with a key strategic supplier, we are able to produce chickens
that have had a happier, healthier life at no extra cost to customers,
whilst also reducing our impact on the environment

We have made bold changes to reduce plastic packaging, becoming
the first UK retailer to vacuum pack all beef mince. We focused on
beef mince because it is one of our highest volume products and
will have the biggest impact, reducing plastic per product by over
55 per cent and saving 450 tonnes annually. Over the last decade,
we've taken big steps to stand shoulder to shoulder with our British
suppliers because as the second largest full-choice supermarket

in the UK, we have a huge responsibility to help British food
‘production thrive.

Food poverty is a major challenge in the UK and we have a clear
commitment to address this issue and support our communities.
We have really focused on bringing together our food waste and
food poverty activity. Since the launch of our partnership with
Neighbourly in 2021, we have donated over ten million meals,
preventing over 4,500 tonnes of food from going to waste and
bringing us one step closer in our commitment to reduce our food
waste by'50 per cent by 2030.

We're also standing by our brand promise of Helping everyone eat
better with our Nourish the Nation programme which, since launching,
has raised £72 million to help fund initiatives designed to tackle

food insecurity and ensure communities have access to balanced,
nutritional and sustainable food sources. I recently visited the Felix
Project in East London with the team and Martin, our Chair, and

we saw first-hand the very inspiring work the team there are doing.
So far, we have made donations equating to 2.9 million meals to the
Felix Project, just one of the major programmes of support we have
in place to address food poverty across the UK.

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2023

Through our ongoing work to become a truly inclusive and diverse
business, colleagues feel even more welcome and confident to be
themselves and as a result, do an even better job for customers.

We are totally committed to being the most diverse and inclusive
retailer as we work to develop the most inclusive culture and ways
of working. I am encouraged by the progress we've made over the
last year with 50.7 per cent senior women represented across our
combined executive committee and direct reports according to the
latest FTSE Women Leaders Review and further improvements being
achieved in closing our gender and ethnicity pay gap.

We want more shoppers to feel welcome at Sainsbury's and to

find products on our shelves that suit the needs of all the diverse
communities we serve. Initiatives like Thrive with Sainsbury's, our
incubator programme which this year invested £1 million to provide
support to Black-founder led food and drink companies, are so

| important. They not only help us discover new brands, but also
help to make the retail and food industries more accessible to new
‘diverse supplier entrants.

A year of further progress to come

The progress we have made over the last 12 months has given me
further confidence that we have the right plan and the right team

to ensure we will continue to deliver for all our stakeholders. As a
leadership team, my colleagues and I are absolutely committed to
continuing to improve what we do and deliver even better outcomes
for customers, colleagues, suppliers and shareholders.

We have three simple and compelling expectations of everyone

on our team at Sainsbury's ~ to-own it, to make it better and to be
human, showing how much we care. I am pleased with the progress
we are making, driving our agility, improving our capabilities and
scaling up our ambition as a business. Two years into our plan we're
achieving solid progress and continuing to find new ways to improve
} what we do. However, as a team we know there still remains much
to be done.

As we look to the year ahead, the external environment around us
will continue to be challenging, but 1 am confident we have the tight
plan in place.

I really want to acknowledge my leadership team for all they have
delivered in the last year and to thank every one of my colleagues
for their hard work and dedication to serving our customers and
supporting each other. I am so proud of our people and of everything
they are doing as we deliver our plan. The strong results we have
achieved are testament to the outstanding commitment and
contribution from every member of our tearn.

Simon Roberts
Chief Executive Officer

Strategic Report 3 Sainsbury plc Annual Report 2023

Business model

Driven by our passion for food, together we serve and help every customer.

We are putting food back at the heart of Sainsbury's.
We create value for stakeholders by building on the heritage
and scale of our food business and our strong assets.

Everything we do is underpinned by data and technology
innovation. And the single infrastructure that supports
our brands enables us to drive value and efficiency.

Building on our brand and strong assets

GRAPHIC REMOVED GRAPHIC REMOVED GRAPHIC REMOVED GRAPHIC REMOVED
Sainsbury’s brand Scale Strong Attractive
and own brand heritage Second largest full-choice operating cash flow customer base
supermarket
GRAPHIC REMOVED. GRAPHIC REMOVED. GRAPHIC REMOVED. GRAPHIC REMOVED.
Our stores Reputation for Online scale Nectar, investment
Good catchments, ‘service and capability indigital and innovation |.
i strength in convenience

GRAPHIC REMOVED

Our Plan for Better is integrated into everything we do
and is a key differentiator for us.
We are making good progress against our plan to become Net Zero by 2035,
five years ahead of our original target.

Creating value for our stakeholders |

; Customers Colleagues Communities Suppliers Shareholders |
nel Sa 1 RCAC SA eh ca ae enna ™

07

4
1

4
Ey
8
&
a
ro]
5
3.
8
a

juoday adueu:3009

syuawuazejs je!2ueUl4

08 Strategic Report 3 Sainsbury plc Annual! Report 2023

The Sainsbury’s Difference

Sainsbury's brands Stores

Sainsbury's is a trusted, well-loved brand that has been bringing Our stores are well-placed, with a strong presence in the South and

high quality, great value food to customers for over 150 years. in high footfall convenience locations. This helps us offer customers

‘Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and Sainsbury's Bank are complementary complementary products, through Tu, Argos and Habitat, aswell

and give customers more reasons to shop with us. as complementary services such as financial services. We also
Serer enreenes anne gae nant e rant ‘present the offers of carefully selected concession partners in

Scale many of our stores.

‘We offer customers a choice of quality products. We havescale vee

positions in both food and non-food and can profitably deliver a Service

wide range of products and services to-customers. Customers come to Sainsbury's for our outstanding customer service.

Our 152,000 colleagues are integral to our long-term success.

Streng operating cash flows
Our scale, customer proposition and operational efficiency generate Online scale
strong-operating cash flows to-seinvest in.our- customer offerand.adapt — We-continue to improve the productivity of Groceries Online,

to rapidly changing shopping habits, while also paying dividends consistently improving the speed of items picked. Last year Argos
and strengthening the balance sheet. was the UK's third most visited retailer website and we are making
7 os good progress to reduce the number of Argos standalone stores
Attractive customer base we have and to offer more Argos stores inside Sainsbury's stores.
Sainsbury's is a trusted brand, loved by millions of customers We are improving the Argos distribution model, focusing on
across the UK. We serve an attractive customer base and around high volume Local Fulfilment Centres (LFCS) to improve choice

70 per cent of the UK population have shopped with Sainsbury's and availability.

over the last year! with a bias to a more affluent sociodemographic“

than key competitors. Nectar

Nectar provides a vital competitive advantage to our food
business, our brands and a wide range of partners. It has strong
profit growth prospects through data monetisation and growing
coalitions. It enables us to offer our customers personalised
rewards for their loyalty.

How we create value

For customers For suppliers

We tisten carefully to our customers and we invest in what matters We are proud of our strong supplier relationships and we work

to them. Our focus is on offering a broad range of great value, high collaboratively with them to grow our business and theirs.

quality products ~- we then focus on strong availability and excellent By improving technology and simplifying processes we are making
customer service, all delivered through our attractive stores and it casier for our suppliers to do business with us. Sec page 34 for

arange of convenient digital channels. And we reward our customers more detail.

for their loyalty. We want to help everyone eat better and are oe

helping our customers to improve their dicts while reducing their For shareholders
impact on the environment, one plate at a time. Our Chief Executive Simon Roberts, and the Operating Board,
continue to do a very good job delivering against the key metrics
we set out in November 2020. We expect to deliver around £1.3
billion of cost savings in the three years to FY2023/24, doubling the
run rate from the three years to FY2019/20. We are confident in our

© For more information about how we engage with our
stakeholders, see pages 29 to 35.

For colleagues competitive position and our strong programme of cost savings,
‘We invest inour colleagues and are committed to paying them whichis helping us to mitigate higher than expected operating
fairly for their efforts. By creating an engaged workforce that is cost inflation and enabling us to reinvest in our core food business.
invested in the progress of the business and the role they play ‘Despite a‘chatlenging environment, we dehvered profits at the

in our success, we will achieve high retention rates and deliver higher end of the guidance range and generated retail free cash flow
superior customer service. See page 31 for more detail. -of £645 million. Our policy to pay a dividend of around 60 percent of

underlying earnings has allowed us to maintain a full year dividend
at the same level as last year.

For communities
We play an active role in local communities. Our customer feedback
programme and customer surveys help shape our community
programmes and this year we raised £345 million for good causes.
See page 34 for more detail

2. ‘Nibtoen Panes eon ~ $2 oweks LOPI3 22/23 ~niverses TAIN PRICE extn eA TOERED)

Strategic Report

Our strategy

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report 2023 09

We are two years into our three-year plan to transform Sainsbury's and

put food back at the heart of our business.

We are simplifying operations at pace and accelerating
our cost saving programmes in order to invest in improving
food quality, increasing choice and innovation and
consistently delivering value to customers. Our portfolio
brands - Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and Sainsbury’s Bank —

support our core food business, delivering for customers
and shareholders in their own right. We will continue

to simplify and drive efficiencies across the business,
enabling us to invest in our customers, colleagues and
communities.

Priorities

Food
ya First

— Better value and innovation
_—Underpinned by buying benefits
and lower cost to serve

Our clear priority is to build on
our strong brand heritage and

+} Teputation for quality, range and
innovation while lowering prices
and offering more-consistent value.
We will offer high quality, great
value food wherever and however
customers want to shop with us.
This is what putting food back at
the heart of Sainsbury's means.
Collaborating with our suppliers will
create buying benefits and lower

— Customer and profit focus

~~ ‘Supporting the core food
business

We are refocusing the role of our
portfolio brands to ensure that they
contribute positivety in their own
right. Argos, Habitat, Tu, Nectar and
Sainsbury's Bank are all delivering
for their customers and are on track
to drive sustainable, profitable
growth to support our core food
business.

Invest

—~ Structurally lower operating

Save to |
‘costs to fuel investment inour

food business

— Cutting complexity and

increasing pace of execution .
We will deliver a step change in

efficiency by transforming our

‘approach to costs, simplifying

our organisation and delivering

a structural reduction in-our

operating cost base. We expect

to deliver around £1.3 billion of ;
cost savings in the three years

to FY2023/24. This will enable us

to reinvest in our customer offer, .
deliver improved financial returns

and underpins confidence in our ‘

our cost to serve. competitive position in the face of
operating cost inflation.
er
Connected to 6?
Customers Be for

Knowing and understanding our customers better than
- anyone else is fundamental to our success. Nectar unlocks
our ability to connect with customers and drive that insight
into our business decision making and we now have over
11 million digital Nectar users. We listen to our customers
and nearly two million respond to our customer satisfaction

feedback programmes a year.

tter

than 2035,

time. Our commitment is to invest £1 billion over 20 years

As a responsible retailer, we want to help everyone eat
better, offering our products in a way that helps customers
reduce their impact on the environment one plate at a
to become Net Zero across our own operations by no later

2
Ps
a
+
a
zp
&
x
3
a

juoday aoueusan05.

syuawayejs Jeloueuly

10 Strategic Report
Our priorities

Food
CY First

We are making good progress to put food back at the heart of
Sainsbury's by offering better value, more new products and improved |
service. Our grocery volume market share performance has improved
considerably’ since we taunched our Food First plan and we are growing
our volumes ahead of other full-choice grocers”.

Value

As the cost of living crisis continues to put pressure on millions of
households, we are relentlessly focused on delivering consistent value
for customers. Driven by our bold cost savings programme, we have
invested over £560 million over the last two years to keep food prices
low through campaigns that prioritise the products customers buy
most often. Over 60 per cent of this investment has gone into fresh
products such as meat, fish, poultry, fruit and vegetables and dairy.
As a result, we have consistently inflated behind our key competitors?
and we are seeing less switching of customer spend to limited-choice
‘supermarkets than our competitors’.

At the end of December we increased the number of products in

Aldi Price Match by 20 per cent and our largest ever campaign matched
the price on around 300 fresh products and household staples
including chicken breasts, milk, eggs, nappies and cereal. Own brand
ranges are performing strongly and our entry price range is the
fastest growing product tier.

We recently faunched Nectar Prices, offering discounts to all
supermarket and online customers using the Nectar app or card and
results are already exceeding our expectations. Your Nectar Prices

— previously My Nectar Prices, which launched in 2021 — offers
customers their own personalised discounts, generating more than
70 million unique offers a week for customers using SmartShop in
supermarkets. The most active Your Nectar Prices users are saving
almost £200 a year on their shopping®.

Innovation

We have exceeded our innovation target by 15 per cent and launched
nearly 1,400 new products during the year. More customers are
celebrating special occasions, treating themselves at home and

we outperformed the market at key seasonal events®. We expanded
our Taste the Difference range by 33 per cent year-on-year and

Taste the Difference sales are up 16 per cent versus FY2019/20.

Our seasonal ranges are popular with customers and our second
Autumn Editions range included 70 per cent more products year-on-
year. Since launching Inspired to Cook last year, the range has been
popular with customers as more people look for creative solutions
to home cooking from scratch and our World Foods range is also
performing welt.

In January we launched Flourish, a new range with 70 fresh and
healthy convenient products that help people eat better whilst on
the move. The range is already popular and bestselling lines so far
include the Pesto Chicken Sandwich and Immune Boosting smoothie.

We are also changing the way we work with suppliers to build long
term partnerships that drive better results. Last year we agreed a
jong-term contract with Moy Park, our chicken supplier, toensure
that from March 2023 all our by Sainsbury's fresh and frozen chicken

3 Sainsbury plc Annual Report 2023

is grown under better welfare conditions. Our investment has enabled
Moy Park to have better product control and we have been able to
make these improvements without increasing prices for customers.

Service

‘We have announced a record £225 million of investment over the last
12 months in colleague pay and benefits. In 2022 we became the first
major supermarket to pay the Living Wage across the country.and
the first to give hourly-paid colleagues a third pay rise in one year.

All Sainsbury's and Argos retail colleagues now receive a base rate of
pay of £11 per hour and colleagues in London receive £11.95 per hour,
increasing pay for frontline, hourly paid colleagues by 10 per cent in
the last year and 44 per cent over seven years.

Alongside competitive pay we have invested heavily in extra support
for colleagues in response to increased financial pressure. Colleagues
‘told.us that free food at work was important and so we recently
extended the provision of free food during shifts for a further six
months. To help our colleagues have more control over their monthly
budgets, we also introduced a pay advance scheme where colleagues
can access their pay as they earn it and invested in more frequent
deeper discounts at Argos and Sainsbury's to help colleagues save
money on their shopping.

Rewarding our colleagues is driving higher colleague engagement
scores and higher customer satisfaction scores. Supermarket
satisfaction is consistently performing ahead of full choice
competitors’, particularly in product quality and availability and
colleague availability’. Colleague engagement scores have also
improved over the last two years.

Customers are increasingly returning to stores post-pandemic and
more people are prioritising convenience and speed as they return
to the workplace. As a result, we have grown Convenience sales to
‘€3 billion for the first time and sales are up 10 per cent year-on-year.
Convenience and On Demand sales combined are up 9 per cent
versus pre-pandemic and On Demand is averaging 118,000 weekly
orders in as little as 30 minutes through our Chop Chop service and
partnerships with Deliveroo, Uber Eats and. Just Eat.

Groceries Online sales were down 13 per cent year-on-year but
were 81 per cent higher than pre-pandemic levels. Groceries Online
accounts for 14 per cent of grocery sales versus 8 per cent in
FY2019/20. We introduced more Christmas delivery slots to serve
customers and brought forward Easter grocery slots and availability
‘scores are up®. Online productivity has improved with items picked
per hour up 6 per cent year-on-year and up 9 per cent on pre-
pandemic levels.

1L_ Nielsen Panel volurme market share FYI7/18-~FY22/23. Total FMCG (excluding Kiosk & Tobacco), Market

Universe: Total Outlets.

‘Nielsen Panel volume growth Yo3¥. Total FMCG (excluding Kiosk & Tobacco), 52 weeks to March 2023.

‘Market Universe: Total Outlets.

3. Nielsen panel data. Top 100 SKUs by retailer. Average Seling Price YoY growth. 52 weeks to 4 March 2023,

4. Nielsen panel data. Net volume switching £m to Aldi + Lidl as % of each retailer's volume. S2 weeks 10

4 March 2023.

‘Average annual saving across our top 30,000 most active Your Nectar Price users.

‘Nelsen EPOS data ~ 5 volume growth YoY% difference to Total Market growth YoY% for key events

week growth versus last year events week,

7. Competitor benchmarking survey. Overall Supermarket customer satisfaction % score. January 2022
tomarch 2023.

8. Competitor benchmarking survey. (4 22/23 supermarket CSAT scores 12 weeks to 4 March 2023.

9. Competitor benchmarking survey. @4 22/23 Groceries Online CSAT scores 12 weeks to 4 March 2023.
Avallabity + Avatabiity of hems Offered.

2

oe