J Sainsbury plc

Annual Report and
Financial Statements

Registered number 185647

A

Good food
for all of us

We make good food joyful, accessible
and affordable for everyone, every day

Offering delicious, great quality food at competitive
prices has been at the heart of what we do since
Sainsbury’s was founded in 1869. Today, inspiring

and delighting our customers with tasty food remains
our priority.

Our Next Level Sainsbury’s strategy is about giving
customers more of what they come to Sainsbury's for
— outstanding value, consistently excellent quality
and great service.

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

Performance highlights

Financial highlights

6.8%

Retail sales growth (excl. fuel) versus the 2022/23 financial
year. Including fuel sales increased 3.2%

£701Im

Underlying profit before tax, up 1.6% versus the 2022/23
financial year

Non-financial highlights

£780m

Invested in lowering prices over the past three years,
since the launch of Food First strategy

£500m

Invested into colleague pay over three years

22.1p

Underlying basic earnings per share, down 3.9% versus 23.0p
in the 2022/23 financial year. Basic earnings per share 5.9p

£639m

Retail free cash flow, versus £645 million in the 2022/23
financial year. Statutory net cash generated from operating
activities was £1,965 million, versus £2,170 million in the
2022/23 financial year

51.7%

Reduction in absolute greenhouse gas emissions within
our own operations, from our 2018/19 baseline

£36m

Raised for good causes

£966m

Retail underlying operating prot
2022/23 financial year

up 4.3% versus the

12.9%

Relative reduction in own brand plastic packaging, from our
baselines in 2018 for food and 2020 for general merchandise

£277m

Statutory profit before tax down 15.3% versus the 2022/23
financial year

8.3%

Return on capital employed, up 70 basis points versus the are aee esto s
2022/23 financial year
Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements
1 Performance highlights 66 _ Introduction to the governance report 123 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
2 Chair's letter 68 J Sainsbury plc - Board of Directors 2024/25 124 Independent auditor's report to the
4 Chief Executive's letter 71 Sainsbury plc - Operating Board 2024/25 members of } Sainsbury plc
8 Our business model 73 Board leadership and Company purpose 132 Consolidated income statement
10 Our strategy 81 Composition, succession and evaluation 133 Consolidated statement of comprehensive
12 _ Delivering on our outcomes 84 Division of responsibilities income/(loss)
15 _ Plan for better 85 Nomination and Governance 134 Consolidated balance sheet
18 Our people Committee report 135 Consolidated statement of changes
22 Our Section 172 statement 89 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability in equity
23. Engaging with our stakeholders Committee report 136 Consolidated cash flow statement
30 Climate change and Task Force on 92 Audit Committee report 137 Notes to the consolidated financial
Climate-related Financial Disclosures 99 Annual Statement from the Remuneration statements
(TCFD) Committee Chair 194 Company balance sheet
41 Climate Transition Plan (TCFD) 102 Summary of 2023/24 remuneration 195 Company statement of changes in equity
44 Key performance indicators decisions 196 Notes to the Company financial statements
46 Financial review 103 Summary of remuneration for 2024/25, 199 Alternative performance measures (APMs)
53 Principal risks and uncertainties 104 Remuneration in context 204 Additional shareholder information
62 Statement of viability 106 Annual Report on Remuneration 206 Glossary
64 Non-financial and sustainability 118 Additional statutory information

information statement

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024 1

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

Chair’s letter

We had another strong year
at Sainsbury’s, continuing
to deliver for our customers,
colleagues and shareholders
and deepening our
relationships with suppliers.

As we look back on our performance over the last year, our results reflect the
success of our three-year Food First strategy and provide a strong platform
from which to grow as we progress our new Next Level Sainsbury's plan.

Reflecting on Food First

The Food First strategy has transformed Sainsbury's, creating a stronger
business with a much sharper value position and a refreshed focus on
innovation. Customers have recognised the progress we've made, as our
market share gains have shown.

The sector continues to face huge pressures, with an ifcreasingly complex
and cost-heavy legislative environment. We have proven our resilience
against significant macroeconomic challenges and, against this backdrop,
we have supported our customers and colleagues. We invested £780 million
over the last three years in value and passing on cost savings to customers,
helping transform our value proposition. We also invested £500 million in
colleague pay over three years, including our biggest ever single investment
in colleague pay in March of this year.

We delivered on our priorities and continue to make bold decisions to speed
up the pace of change and development across the business. Over the course
of Food First, we delivered a £1.3 billion cost savings programme, improving
the structural efficiency of the business and enabling us to continue to
invest at scale where it matters most. Our programme to transform our
Argos store estate has also been significantly progressed, driving the
digitisation and resilience of Argos.

Over the last year, we have also made necessary decisions to improve our
business model. In January, we announced the completion of a strategic
review of our Financial Services division which will, over time, result in a
phased withdrawal from our core Banking business.

We remain firmly committed to protecting our planet, helping customers
move to healthier and more sustainable diets and supporting our suppliers,
colleagues and the broader communities we operate in. Our accelerated
carbon reduction targets have been approved by the Science Based Targets
Initiative and we have reduced plastic packaging from our own brand
products by 12.9 per cent in relative terms versus our baseline. Read more on
our Plan for Better progress on page 15.

Our updated strategy and commitments

We have spent the past three years putting food back at the heart of the
business and now, as we look ahead at the next three years, our new Next
Level Sainsbury's strategy will build on this momentum. We have reset our
‘competitive position and created a strong financial platform from which we
will grow, invest in further strengthening the business and deliver enhanced
returns to shareholders.

To progress our Next Level Sainsbury's plan, we are making eight commitments
that we will deliver over the three years to March 2027, First, we will deliver
grocery volume growth ahead of the market. This commitment is
underpinned by our transformed value perception, great range and
consistently high levels of customer service.

Next, we commit to deliver profit leverage from sales growth. This means
we'll put more volume over our largely fixed cost base. We will invest to
bring more of our range to more customers, particularly enhancing choice
in fresh food, and will create more space for food in many locations.

We expect this to be a key driver of gracery volume gains.

We've built a leadership position on customer satisfaction over the other
full choice competitors in the market and we're really committed, over the
life of this plan, to build on this level of performance. Our core belief is that
well-motivated and engaged colleagues deliver excellent service, leading to
higher productivity. This is why we will maintain our commitment to invest
in our people and continue to improve productivity over the course of this
plan, with colleague engagement ahead of where we are now by March 2027,

We're fully committed to our goal of reaching net zero by 2035 in our own
operations and to delivering all of our commitments across healthier diets,
climate, nature and people. This is why Plan for Better is integrated into
each of our four key outcomes and will continue to underpin our ambitions
into the future.

We're also committing to deliver £1 billion of structural cost savings over the
life of this plan, improving efficiency, offsetting operating cost inflation and
enabling us to continue to invest in the customer offer.

Our strong financial position and momentum mean we're able to invest
more capital to drive growth and strengthen the key strategic capabilities of
this business in areas like technology and automation. We will be investing
with a clear focus on efficiencies and productivity, helping drive higher
returns. We will capitalise on our scale and invest at a time when many
others can’t, further building on our competitive advantage and reducing
our cost base.

This higher level of capital investment is balanced with a reinforced
commitment to strong free cash flow generation—at least £500 million
every year, growing as we deliver higher profits.

We have committed to delivering stronger returns for our shareholders.
Specifically, a progressive dividend from the start of the next financial year
and a share buyback programme, starting with a £200 million buyback this
financial year.

Building a business for the future

As we look ahead to the next three years and well beyond, we're driven by
a clear purpose: to make good food joyful, accessible and affordable for
everyone, every day. Our new purpose is all about how we deliver for our
customers, how we do business and how we work right across our industry
to create a more sustainable UK food system. Central to this is our Plan for
Better. It is a core part of our broader strategy and is fully integrated into
the way we operate as a business, driving improved commercial and
sustainability outcomes. The way we partner with our suppliers is vital

to this, with longer term relationships that will help to drive the resilience
of our businesses and the broader food system.

2 3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements,

Through our Plan for Better, we have reduced our carbon emissions by
transitioning to 100 per cent renewable electricity across the whole of our
store estate through the long-term purchasing of new-to-planet energy,
significantly reducing our reliance on fossil fuels. In February, we were the
only UK supermarket awarded an A rating for our environmental
commitments on climate change for the tenth consecutive year by the
Carbon Disclosure Project and we were also recognised as a 2023 Supplier
Engagement Leader.

We continue to build on this progress and to evolve our ambitions around
key issues, including healthy, sustainable diets; plastic and nature -
growing sales of plant-rich foods, improving protein diversity, considering
packaging holistically and protecting and restoring nature. We will continue
to work with our entire value chain, supporting our suppliers wherever

we can — including through longer-term partnerships. We also remain
committed to supporting our colleagues and will be setting out new

gender and ethnicity targets to further increase diverse representation.

Financial Review

We delivered another strong performance this year; demonstrating the
success of our Food First strategy, with profit and free cash flow results
above the top end of our guidance range. Our grocery performance was
Particularly strong, with record market share gains and volume growth
accelerating every quarter. This delivered better profit leverage, with retail
underlying operating profit of £966 million, up 4.3 per cent versus 2022/23
‘as the strong grocery performance and continued strong delivery of cost
savings more than offset softer Argos trading. Including a weaker contribution
year-on-year from Financial Services and higher finance costs, underlying
profit before tax of £701 million, up 1.6 per cent versus 2022/23.

Statutory profit before tax was £277 million, which was down 15.3 per cent
on 2022/23, with non underlying items predominantly reflecting impairments
relating to the restructuring of the Financial Services division. Retail free
cashflow was £639 million, broadly flat year-on-year.

Net debt including leases reduced by £790 million to £5,554 million,
reflecting strong cash generation and a £372 million reduction as a result of
the Highbury and Dragon property transaction. Underlying basic earnings
per share was 22.1 pence and basic earnings per share was 5.9 pence, with
both reflecting the impact of the increase in the corporation tax rate.

It should also be noted that over the last three years we have paid over

£28 billion in taxes borne. This includes £1.38 billion of business rates,

£646 million in Employer's National Insurance Contributions and £181 million
in Corporation Tax, as well as other tax obligations. As we strive to invest in
our colleagues and deliver consistently great value, a reformed business
rates system would enable us to do even more. Long-term reform will not
only benefit Sainsbury's, but boost growth, create jobs and revitalise our
high streets.

More information on our financial performance can be foundin the
Financial Review on page 46.

Delivering for our shareholders

The Board proposed a final dividend of 9.2 pence, bringing the full-year
dividend to 13:1 pence per share, which is in line with last year. Our policy of
paying a dividend of around 60 per cent of underlying earnings has allowed
us to maintain a full-year dividend which is flat year-on-year, despite the
impact on underlying earnings per share of the higher corporation tax rate.

Remuneration

When determining incentive outcomes and total remuneration received by
the Executive Directors, the Remuneration Committee carefully assesses
performance against a framework — including several factors, like executive
pay in the context of the broader workforce and investments - to ensure
that incentive outcomes are aligned to the underlying performance of the
business and the experience of shareholders.

Simon's remuneration for the year reflects the strong performance of the
business over the period and considers the prevailing market and economic
conditions. Under Simon's leadership, Sainsbury's has made great progress
in delivering the Food First strategy as well as developing the Next Level
strategy, including operating model changes that will deliver further

cost savings.

For more information on this year’s remuneration awards, please see
pages 99 to 117,

Operating board changes
We move into the next phase of our strategy with a more focused structure
for our Operating Board, now with eight members.

Tohelp drive Next Level Sainsbury's, Graham Biggart has taken on new
responsibilities as Chief Transformation Officer and General Merchandise
Commercial Officer, helping to further accelerate both our transformation
and our performance. Rhian Bartlett's role on the Operating Board is now
Chief food Commercial Officer, recognising the continued acceleration of
our Food First strategy. This change to our leadership came as Paula Nickolds,
General Merchandise Commercial Director, made the decision to leave the
business, having led much progress across Argos, Habitat and Tu.

Jim Brown, Chief Executive Officer of Sainsbury's Bank, decided to retire.
Jim joined the business in 2019 and his strategy to align Financial Services
to loyal Sainsbury's customers resulted in the Bank paying its first dividend
in 2022. Robert Mulhall has been appointed as CEO of Sainsbury's Bank,
reporting into the Bank Board and connecting into the Sainsbury's Operating
Board via Blathnaid Bergin, our Chief Financial Officer.

Finally, Tim Fallowfield has decided to retire from his role as Company
Secretary and Corporate Services Director at our AGM in July, after more
than 22 years with Sainsbury's. Tim joined the business in 2001, becoming
an Operating Board Director in 2004 and he has made a major contribution
to Sainsbury's. His role as our Board sponsor for disability and carers and his,
leadership and support to the Government in raising awareness of the
benefits of recruiting, retaining and developing disabled people led to his
being awarded an OBE in the 2020 New Years Honours List.

I would like to personally thank Jim, Paula and Tim, who have each made an
outstanding contribution to the success of Sainsbury's and we wish them all.
the very best for the future.

Final thoughts

Twould like to thank all of my colleagues; you are at the heart of everything
we do at Sainsbury's and your dedication to serving and helping every
customer is critical to the long-term success of our business.

Talso want to thank the Operating Board and Simon for their huge efforts
and support over the past year. There is no clearer demonstration of the
ability of this management team to execute than the progress the business
has made in the last three years. The Board and I have seen the impact this
has made throughout the organisation. When I look to the new Next Level
Sainsbury's strategy we've set out, it is ambitious but it is also grounded in
the progress we've made and I have every confidence in the ability of Simon
and his team to deliver.

Martin Scicluna
Chair
24 April 2024

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024 3

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

Chief Executive's letter

As we embark on the next
phase of our strategy,
Next Level Sainsbury’s,
Simon Roberts reflects on
the last three years, why
food is now firmly back at
the heart of Sainsbury’s
and how we are delivering
for customers, colleagues,
communities and
shareholders.

£780m

investment in lowering prices
over three years

When John James and Mary Ann Sainsbury opened their very first store in
1869, their purpose was clear: to provide good quality food at affordable
prices. More than 150 years later, I am proud to say Sainsbury's has stayed
true to these values.

Over the last three years, we have reset the business and food is now firmly
back at its heart. It’s from this position that in February, we launched our
new purpose: We make good food joyful, accessible and affordable for
everyone, every day. This is a clear statement of our intent and commitment
about what Sainsbury's is here to do consistently, every day. Above all else,
it sets a high bar for our future ambition.

Itis our purpose that has driven every decision we have made in building
our strategy for Next Level Sainsbury's — and we believe that to deliver on
our plan and purpose means us taking a leading role in building a more
resilient UK food system. We are, first and foremost, a food company and
we know that making the difference here will be fundamental to ensuring
we develop and grow our business for decades to come.

The last three years
Food First was all about refocusing and resetting Sainsbury's core food business.

And we have delivered. We have significantly improved our value,
innovation, availability and service. More customers are now doing more of
their grocery shopping with us and this is driving record market share gains
and volume growth.

‘When we launched Food First in November 2020 we were just too expensive.
Since then we have invested £780 milion into towering our prices, fundamentally
resetting our competitive position. While some of this investment has been
in specific response to support our customers through a period of higher
food inflation, our major strategic focus since 2020 has been to consistently
deliver much better value for all our customers. We have transformed our
value position and significantly improved price perception with customers

Nectar Prices has been a game changer, bringing market leading offers
across our food and grocery range: launched in April 2023 with just a few
hundred products, Nectar Prices are now available on around 7,000 products
across our stores and online, saving customers £12 on a typical £80 shop.

We have also continued to grow Aldi Price Match, now with over 600 products,
at least 75 per cent of which are Healthy or Better for you products. Most
recently, we launched our newest value proposition, Low Everyday Prices, on
‘over 1,000 big brand products, giving customers the reassurance that
whatever is in their basket and trolley, they can always be sure of great
value at Sainsbury's.

Nectar Prices on around

7,000

products

4 3Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

‘While significantly improving our value position, we have not compromised
‘on quality. In fact, we have made a step-change in our quality and product
innovation, launching over 4,000 new products over the last three years and
at the same time reformulating, or improving, thousands more. Our Taste
the Difference product ranges have been particularly popular with
customers and sales have grown to £1.6 billion this year. Taste the Difference
is proportionately the biggest premium own label brand of the full choice
grocers and has contributed to our market outperformance through every
‘key seasonal event of the year.

Over the last three years, our Brands that Deliver - Argos, Nectar, Tu, Habitat,
Sainsbury's Bank — have been refocused to ensure that they contribute
positively in their own right and support our core food business. We have
made real progress, but we still have further to go here.

Argos has been through a major transformation in the past three years, moving
from a catalogue business to become a digital-first retailer - we have
integrated Nectar, improved our same-day coverage and now 70 per cent
of Argos sales start online. As a result of these changes and in response to
changing customer shopping behaviours, nearly 70 per cent of online

Click & Collect orders are now available for immediate collection from over
1,000 Argos collection points. All of this has enabled Argos to become a
structurally more resilient business with a lower cost to serve than in
previous years. We have taken more than three percentage points out of
our costs to sales ratio and improved the core profitability of the business,
The job of continuing to transform and improve Argos. of course, continues
as this will always be a cyclical business. As technology and customer
behaviour continues to change, there will always be more to do, which

we are addressing through Next Level Sainsbury's

Looking to our other brands, our trading approach on Tu over the period of
Food First has delivered a more profitable sales mix, with higher full price
sales and stronger gross margins. However, clothing sales declined over the
last year, given both the more promotional market dynamics and more
periods of unseasonable weather. Some of our clothing ranges also weren't
where they needed to be and we had interruptions in availability in the final
quarter. We have taken action to improve our ranges and availability as we
took ahead.

Turning to our Financial Services business, we announced in January a
phased withdrawal from core banking, so while it is business as usual for our
customers for now, the financial services we continue to offer in the future
will be provided by dedicated financial services providers through a
distributed model.

66

We are a food first,
people first business.

Simon Roberts
Chief Executive
coll

We are really clear we are a food first, people first business. | am proud we
again led our industry in improving colleague pay and in making the right
decisions to support and invest in our people over the last three years. This
is because we fundamentally believe that the more engaged our colleagues
are, the better customer service we deliver and the more productive we can
become. Our approach has led us to achieve improved customer satisfaction,
ahead of our competitors over the last three years and more people are now
choosing Sainsbury's more often.

Since 2018, we have increased colleague pay at Sainsbury's by 50 per cent.
In January this year we became the first full choice supermarket to
announce we would pay colleagues £12 per hour nationally, £13.15 in London.
This brings our rate of pay in line with the new Real Living Wage and takes
‘our three-year total investment in colleague pay to over £500 million,

‘We also announced that we would extend free food during shifts and
increase the frequency of additional colleague discounts.

Having a diverse workforce is so important to us. Three years ago we set
ourselves ambitious gender and ethnicity targets because it matters that
Sainsbury's is a place where everyone can thrive and where our leadership
reflects the colleagues and communities we serve. While we haven't met

all of our targets given the high bar we set, I am pleased to report we have
made significant progress. Representation of women, ethnically diverse and
black colleagues in senior leadership have all increased and we were one of
only two retailers in the Times Top 50 list for gender equality, There is clearly
still much more to do in working to build on our industry leading position
and we will be setting out our gender and ethnicity targets for the next
three years as part of Next Level Sainsbury's.

We work with over

15,000

British farmers

We have increased

league pay by

0%

since 2018

2 Sainsbury ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024S

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

Chief Executive’s letter continued

The last three years continued

Turning to our suppliers, we recognise the significant pressures faced in
food supply chains, particularly with our farmers and growers. We work with
over 15,000 British farmers, sourcing £2 billion worth of produce every year
—and our close relationships give us real insight into the issues they are
facing. From increasing business operating costs and climate change to
policy challenges, we are committed to working together with our suppliers
to build resilience in their businesses, benefitting not just our supply chain
but ultimately, the resilience of the UK food system. That's why, over the
past two years, we have moved increasingly to offering longer term
contracts with a number of our key suppliers, providing them with the
security they need to plan and invest in their businesses. We are also
working in collaboration with many of our suppliers on new and emerging
methods of production and with new technologies, allowing us to develop
better surety of supply, while helping us towards achieving targets across
our Plan for Better. For example, working with ABP Food Group and more
than 540 trusted British farmers, in September we launched a new, first to
market reduced carbon beef range, offering high quality, great tasting
steak, with 25 per cent reduced carbon compared to the industry average.

Tve addressed the investments and the consistent and balanced choices we
have prioritised for our customers, colleagues, suppliers and communities
over the last three years. None of these would have been possible without
the significant cost savings delivered through our Save to Invest programme.
We have achieved the £1.3 billion of cost savings we targeted since March
2021, duubliniy Ue rate uf cost saviriys compared to the three years prior to
Food First.

We have transformed and simplified our logistics operations and continued
to implement leading automation and machine learning into our food
supply chain, with new systems driving end-to-end efficiencies, reducing
manual tasks and leading to better outcomes across supply chain,
commercial and retail teams.

We made clear choices and deliberate investments over the course of our
Food First strategy to become a more profitable and sustainable business,
doing the right thing for our customers, colleagues and suppliers while
ensuring we deliver for our shareholders. More customers are doing more

of their shopping with us, we have more engaged and productive colleagues
and strong relationships with our suppliers and partners, We continue to
invest where it matters, growing our volumes and market share versus our
key competitors and delivering strong financial results, creating long term
value for our shareholders.

Moving to the Next Level

Our updated strategy, Next Level Sainsbury's, is driven by our reset and
refreshed purpose. Underpinning our strategy are four outcomes: First
choice for food, Loyalty everyone loves, More Argos, more often and Save
and invest to win. These build on the success of our Food First strategy and
ultimately, will give customers more of what they come to Sainsbury's for
— outstanding value, unbeatable quality and great service.

First choice for food

While Food First was about refocusing and resetting back on the core food
business, First choice for food represents a very different ambition to bring
more customers to do more of their shopping with us. Currently, only 15 per
cent of our 600 supermarkets offer our full food range and so our key focus
is investing to bring more of our range to more customers. We will be adding
more chilled space to offer more choice from our fresh food range and
improving the look and feel of 180 of our highest potential stores. Through
making more of our food range available to more of our customers, we have
a unique opportunity to drive grocery volume gains by becoming first choice
for more customers.

Within the 180 stores, we will tighten the range and space allocated to
general merchandise , aligning our offer more closely to customers’
grocery shopping missions By providing customers with more af the
right products they want and in combination with improved profit
densities from food, we will generate significantly better sales and
profit returns from our store space.

We will also build on the strength of our supermarket locations and
customer traffic, by investing in our Smart Charge ultra-rapid EV charging
network, We launched Smart Charge at 40 supermarkets this year and will
increase our network over the new financial year as we build on the strength
of our supermarket locations and customer traffic, helping customers to
reduce their carbon emissions.

Over the last three years, we have fully integrated our Plan for Better into
the way we operate and work as a business to drive improved customer,
commercial and sustainability outcomes — and in the way we partner with
‘our suppliers. Our new purpose is about how we show up for customers, how
we do business and how we work right across our industry. The UK food
system requires significant change —we all know that — and we're committed
to playa leading role in improving it, focusing on how we source our
products and how we help our customers to have access to good food.

Over the next three years, we are making a clear commitment to enable and
drive food system change, collaborating with all parts of our industry, our
suppliers and policy makers to begin to realise the change we need to see.

Loyalty everyone loves

Our Nectar ecosystem is split in two halves: our customer-facing Nectar
loyalty scheme, rewarding customers with pricing and reward points to be
spent at Sainsbury's or with one of our nine redemption partners, and
Nectar360, our fully integrated loyalty, insights and media services agency.

Over the last three years, we have made strong progress in developing
our Nectar loyalty scheme, moving towards a more digital customer
experience and building our personalisation capability. However, the
major transformational change has been the introduction of Nectar Prices,
which has been one of the key drivers in our improved value perception.

We are learning more about the importance of loyalty in grocery for
customers and we have a clear plan to continue growing and strengthening
Nectar within our business, increasing personalisation, improving digital
integration and growing the coalition, while always remaining transparent
with customers over how we use their data.

Our retail media business, part of Nectar360, allows brands to advertise
to our customers in a tailored way to ensure both brands and customers
benefit. We believe retail media has huge untapped potential in the UK and
‘we aim to build on our first-mover advantage and become world-leading in
our capabilities. We expect Nectar360 to deliver an incremental £100 million
of profit contribution over the next three years

More Argos, more often

‘We have been progressing well with our plans to transform Argos,
significantly reducing the standalone store estate and opening many
more Argos stores and collection points inside Sainsbury's making it a
more profitable business. We have also made changes to how and where
we move and hold our stock, driving efficiencies through our local
fulfilment network and making sure we have the right stock close to
customers, at the right time.

6 3 Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

Looking ahead, we have a real opportunity, Half of households in the UK
shop with Argos and the customer feedback on what is most important is
clear: value, convenience and ease. But we are not always front of mind for
customers. By providing a more inspiring range of desirable brands and
design-led own label and encouraging more frequent browsing occasions,
we have ambitions to grow customer basket sizes, frequency of visits and
encourage customers to shop across our full range of products. We also
have plans in improving our digital proposition, increasing awareness of
our market-leading Click and Collect service and will be continuing our
programme of transforming our operating model, benefitting customers
while providing efficiencies in our business.

Save and invest to win

Our Save to Invest programme has been at the very heart of delivering Food
First, creating the fuel to reinvest back in the customer proposition and reset
‘our value position. We've changed the way this business approaches cost
and we've made bold decisions as a team about what really matters,
doubling the rate of our cost saving delivery.

We achieved some big structural wins early in Food First, saving £1.3 billion
over the course of the strategy, and we will continue this momentum with
‘our new Save and invest to win outcome.

We're confident we can maintain our current run rate of cost savings, and
so unlock another £1 billion worth of cost savings over the next three years.
Our high returning investments in technology and automation will drive

big steps forward in our efficiency and in improving what we deliver for
customers. We've signalled before that we will be unlocking productivity
benefits more and more through these end-to-end programmes, taking cost
out of an entire cross functional chain of costs, rather than just looking at
siloed divisional savings.

66

We enter this next phase of
our strategy with a clear plan,
strong momentum and the
necessary focus to realise

our goals, deliver for our
customers, colleagues,
communities and shareholders
and take Sainsbury’s to the
Next Level.

Simon Roberts
Chief Executive

And it's not just cost and productivity that are benefitting: Plan for Better
targets are integrated across all our outcomes. We are rolling out the latest
in integrated refrigeration and heating technology, removing the need for
fossil fuel gas heating and running on natural CO, refrigeration, We have also
committed to buy 100 per cent of the electricity produced by Longhill Burn
Wind Farm, which when all turbines are operating at maximum capacity has
the capability to power up to 33 per cent of our estate. We have also started
to roll out double-decker trailers in our fleet, which will reduce the number
of vehicles on the road, thereby reducing our carbon footprint, while
‘maintaining the same levels of stock movement.

Save and invest to win is about driving more cost out of our business,
improving our people and technology capabilities, fuelling investment

in our customer proposition and as a result, improving our performance

In moving to the next level, we are making strategic and deliberate choices
to invest capital in a very targeted way and with a clear focus on unlocking
further efficiency, driving new capabilities and productivity and enabling
our growth.

Taking Sainsbury’s to the Next Level

We firmly believe that our plan for the next three years will lead to strong
delivery and returns for our shareholders. We are also committing to a
progressive dividend policy from the start of 2024/25 and to the start

of a share buyback programme, with £200 million of share capital to be
bought back over the course of the year.

We have a fantastic team right across Sainsbury's. Our people are at the
heart of evérything we do and I want to thank every one of my colleagues
for the brilliant job they do in delivering for our customers, supporting each
other and looking after this business.

I feel inspired by our renewed purpose, to make good food joyful, accessible
and affordable for everyone, every day, And to deliver an this, we will be
ambitious and proactive in collaborating with all our stakeholders to drive
the change that will enable a more resilient UK food system.

We enter this next phase of our strategy with a clear plan, strong
momentum and the necessary focus to realise our goals, deliver for our
customers, colleagues, communities and shareholders and take Sainsbury's
to the Next Level.

Simon Roberts
Chief Executive
24 April 2024

3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024 7

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

Our business model

We make good food joyful, accessible
and affordable for everyone, every day

We want to be first choice for food, attracting many more people to choose Sainsbury's as the place they come to for good food
—and play a leading role in creating a sustainable food system in the UK. We create value for stakeholders by building on the
heritage and scale of our food business and our strong assets. Cverything we do is underpinned by data and technology
innovation. And the infrastructure that supports our brands enables us to drive value and efficiency.

Find out more about Plan for Better

‘on page 15
on ae
Building on our brand and strong assets
Sainsbury’s Scale Reputation for Growing Volume growth
brand and own advantage service, quality customer base
brand heritage Second largest and range
full choice
supermarket
Nectar and Financial Strength in Strong supplier | Winning culture
Nectar360 strength Teal estate relationships and higher
investment in and online scale productivity
loyalty and and capability
personalisation

Feseeesesceeseseesnece --+ “Underpinned by data, technology innovation and capability

Our Plan for Better is integrated into everything we do and critical to building
long-term resilience in our business and across our supply chains, We are committed
to playing a leading role in creating a more sustainable UK food system.

Creating value for our stakeholders

Customers | Colleagues | Communities | Suppliers | Shareholders

8 Sainsbury ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

The Sainsbury’s difference

Sainsbury’s brands

Sainsbury's is a trusted, well-loved brand that has been bringing
high quality, great value food to customers for over 150 years.
‘Argos, Nectar, Tu, Habitat, Smart Charge and Sainsbury's Bank are
complementary brands and give customers more reasons to shop
with us.

Scale advantage

We offer customers a choice of quality products. We have scale
positions in both food and general merchandise and can profitably
deliver a wide range of products and services to customers. Our scale
also gives us the unique ability to drive collaboration and action
towards a more sustainable UK food system.

Reputation for service, quality
and range

Customers come to Sainsbury's for our outstanding customer service
and our 148,000 colleagues are integral to our long-term success. Our
consistent quality, responsible sourcing and tailored assortment in
each store provides customers with everything they need.

Growing customer base

Sainsbury's is a trusted brand, loved by millions of customers
across the UK. We serve an attractive, growing customer base.
Around 70 per cent of the UK population have shopped with
Sainsbury's over the last year with a bias to a more affluent
sociodemographic than key competitors.

Volume growth

The investments we are making, particularly in our fresh food range,
are helping us to continually grow grocery volumes ahead of the
market, driving profit leverage.

Nectar and Nectar360

Nectar aims to be a world-leading loyalty programme and provides
a vital competitive advantage to our food business, our brands and a
wide range of partners. It has strong profit growth prospects through
data monetisation and growing coalitions. It enables us to offer our
customers personalised, joyful rewards for their loyalty. We are
committed to a transparent use of data.

Financial strength

Our strong financial position allows us to reinvest in our customer
offer and make targeted investments in areas like technology, while
also paying dividends and strengthening the balance sheet.

Strength in real estate and
online scale

Our stores are well-placed, with a strong presence in the South and in
high footfall convenience locations. This helps us offer customers
complementary products, through Tu, Argos, Habitat and carefully
selected concession partners, as well as complementary services
such as Smart Charge.

We continue to improve the productivity of Groceries Online,
consistently improving the speed of items picked. Last year, Argos
was the UK's fourth most visited retailer website; we are making good
progress to reduce the number of Argos standalone stores we have
and to offer more Argos stores inside Sainsbury's stores.

Strong supplier relationships

We are proud of our strong supplier relationships and we work
collaboratively with them over the longer term to grow and
strengthen the resilience of our business and theirs. By improving
technology and simplifying processes we are making it easier for our
suppliers to do business with us.

Winning culture and higher
productivity

We invest in our colleagues. By creating an engaged workforce that is
invested in the progress of the business and the role they play in our
success, and unlocking productivity benefits, we achieve high
retention rates and deliver superior customer service.

2 Sainsbury plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024 9

Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements

Our strategy

We make

geed feed

Purpose _—s joyful, accessible and affordable
for everyone, every day
First Loyalty Save &
Choice Everyone Nore oe. Invest
Outcomes For Food Loves To Win
Own Make It Be
Valued It Better Human

Behaviours

10 3 Sainsbury ple Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024