BETA Close X J Sainsbury plc has made its Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 28 February 2026 available to shareholders, alongside the Notice of Annual General Meeting scheduled for 2 July 2026 and the associated proxy form. These documents, detailing the company's financial performance for the past fiscal year, can be accessed on the company's website and have also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism for viewing. Disclaimer* Sainsbury(J) PLC 02 June 2026 2 June 2026 J Sainsbury plc (the "Company") Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026 AND NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENEral meeting 2026 J Sainsbury plc announces that the following documents have today been made available to shareholders: · Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026 for the year ended 28 February 2026; · Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held on 2 July 2026; and · Proxy Form for the Annual General Meeting 2026. The above documents may be viewed online on the company's website at https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/annualreport2026 and https://corporate.sainsburys.co.uk/ AGM2026 In accordance with Listing Rule 9.6.1R, a copy of each of these documents in unedited full text has been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will be available for viewing shortly at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . This announcement is made in accordance with DTR 6.3.5R(1A). LEI number: 213800VGZAAJIKJ9Y484 Enquiries Investor Relations Media James Collins Rebecca Reilly +44 (0) 20 7695 0080 +44 (0) 20 7695 7295 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sainsbury (J) (SBRY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and