BETA Close X J Sainsbury plc will host a live presentation on 30 April 2026 at 14:00 BST via Investor Meet Company to discuss a summary of its preliminary results for the 52 weeks ending 28 February 2026, which were announced on 23 April 2026. This event is open to all shareholders and potential investors, offering an opportunity for questions and answers. Disclaimer* Sainsbury(J) PLC 27 April 2026 27 April 2026 J Sainsbury plc - Preliminary Results Summary Presentation via Investor Meet Company SAINSBURY (J) PLC will host a live presentation via Investor Meet Company on 30 April 2026, 14:00 BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Hosted by James Collins, Director of Investor Relations and Amy Morgan, Head of Investor Relations, the presentation will include a summary of the Preliminary Results covering the 52 weeks to 28 February 2026 (announced on 23 April 2026), as well as an opportunity for Q&A. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 29 April 2026, 09:00 BST, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and select to meet with SAINSBURY (J) PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/sainsbury-j-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow SAINSBURY (J) PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. LEI number: 213800VGZAAJIKJ9Y484 Enquiries Investor Relations James Collins +44 ( 0) 7801 813 074 InvestorRelations2@sainsburys.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sainsbury (J) (SBRY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 50 minutes ago Greggs 51 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and