1 
 
ADMISSION PARTICULARS  
 
Rathbones Group Plc 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 01000403)  
£60,000,000   
8.125 per cent. Reset Subordinated Tier 2 Notes due 2036  
Issue price: 100.00 per cent.  
The £60,000,000 8.125 per cent. Reset Subordinated Tier 2 Notes due 2036 (the “Notes”) will be issued by 
Rathbones Group Plc (the “Issuer”) on or about 9 September 2026 (the “Issue Date”). The terms and conditions 
of the Notes are set out herein in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below (the “Conditions”, and references 
to a particularly numbered “Condition” shall be construed accordingly). Defined terms used and not separately 
defined below have the meaning given in the Conditions. 
Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange plc (the “London Stock Exchange”) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s International Securities Market (the “ISM”) on or about 
the Issue Date. References in these Admission Particulars to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) 
shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the ISM. The ISM is not a UK regulated market for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom (“UK”) domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”). These Admission Particulars do not constitute a 
“prospectus” for the purposes of the Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024 (SI 2024/105) 
(the “POATRs”) and the Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market sourcebook ( “PRM 
Rules”) and, in accordance with the POATRs and the PRM Rules, no prospectus is required in connection with 
the issuance of the Notes. 
The ISM is a market designated for qualified investors (as defined in Regulation 16 of the POATRs). The 
London Stock Exchange, as a Recognised Investment Exchange  (as defined under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”)), does not make assessments of investor eligibility. Given 
that under Regulation 16 of POATR s, only qualified investors are permitted to trade on ISM and no 
qualified investor is permitted to trade on behalf of persons who are not themselves qualified investors, 
financial intermediaries acting for investors are responsible for ensuring that only i nvestors who are 
qualified investors as prescribed by Regulation 16 of POATR s are permitted to trade on ISM. Securities 
admitted to trading on ISM are not admitted to the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (the 
“FCA”). The London Stock Exchange has not approved or verified the contents of these Admission 
Particulars. These Admission Particulars comprise admission particulars for the purposes of the 
admission to trading of the Notes to the ISM, in accordance with the ISM Rulebook effective as of January 
2026 (as may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
The Notes will bear interest on their outstanding principal amount from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) 9 December 2031 (the “Reset Date”), at a rate of 8.125 per cent. per annum and thereafter at the 
Reset Interest Rate as provided in Condition  5. Interest will be payable on the Notes semi -annually in arrear on 
9 June and 9 December in each year (each an “Interest Payment Date ”) commencing on 9 December 2026, 
except that the amount of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date is in respect of the period beginning 
on (and including) the Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) 9 December 2026.  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, or (pursuant to Condition  7(g)) substituted, the Notes 
will mature on 9 December 2036 (the “Maturity Date”) and shall be redeemed on such date at their principal 
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) such date. The Noteholders will 
have no right to require the Issuer to redeem or purchase the Notes at any time prior to the  Maturity Date. The
2 
 
Issuer may, in its sole discretion but subject to having obtained Regulatory Approval  (and such Regulatory 
Approval not having been revoked by the relevant date of such redemption or purchase) and to compliance with 
the Regulatory Preconditions, elect to: (a) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date: (i) on any day 
falling in the period commencing on (and including) 9 September 2031 (the “First Call Date”) and ending on 
(and including) the Reset Date (in accordance with Condition  7(b)); or (ii) at any time if a Clean Up Event,  a 
Capital Disqualification Event or a Tax Event has occurred (in accordance with Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d) 
or Condition 7(e), respectively); or (b) repurchase Notes at any time in accordance with the then prevailing 
Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
If a Tax Event or a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion but subject 
to certain conditions (including having obtained Regulatory Approval (and such Regulatory Approval not having 
been revoked by the relevant date of such substitution or variation), but without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the 
terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Compliant Notes (in accordance with Condition 
7(g)). 
The Notes will be direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves. The Notes will, in the event of the Winding-Up of the Issuer, be subordinated 
to the claims of all Senior Creditors but shall rank : (a) at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital  and all obligations which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, 
pari passu  therewith; and (b) in priority to the claims of holders of (i) all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital and 
all obligations which rank, or are expressed by th eir terms to rank, pari passu therewith and (ii) all classes of 
share capital of the Issuer. 
The Notes will be issued in registered form and available and transferable in minimum denominations of 
£100,000 and integral multiples of £1,000 in excess thereof. The Notes will initially be represented by a global 
certificate in registered form (the “Global Certificate”) and will be registered in the name of a nominee of a 
common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ( “Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. ( “Clearstream, 
Luxembourg” and, together with Euroclear, the “Clearing Systems”). 
The Notes are not expected to be rated by any credit rating agency. 
Target market (UK MiFIR product governance) – professionals/ eligible counterparties only; prohibition 
of sales to UK and EEA retail investors – the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only (all distribution channels). No key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation ”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or disclosure document required by the 
FCA Product Disclosure Sourcebook (“DISC”) for offering, selling or distributing the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared as sales to EEA and UK retail investors are 
prohibited – see “Offer Restrictions” below for further details. 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors 
described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in these Admission Particulars. 
By its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder will acknowledge and accept that the Notes may be the subject 
of the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority, and will acknowledge, accept, consent and agree 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, as further provided in 
Condition 19. 
Sole Bookrunner 
BofA Securities 
The date of these Admission Particulars is 7 September 2026
3 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Admission Particulars. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, 
the information contained in these Admission Particulars is in accordance with the facts and contains 
no omission likely to affect its import. 
These Admission Particulars are to be read in conjunction with all information which is deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Information Incorporated by Reference ” below). These 
Admission Particulars shall be read and construed on the basis that such information is incorporated 
in and forms part of these Admission Particulars, and unless the contrary intention appears references 
herein to information contained in these Admission Particulars shall be deemed to include the 
information incorporated by reference herein. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in or consistent with these Admission Particulars in connection with the issue or sale 
of the Notes and, if given or made, such information  or representations must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, Merrill Lynch International ( the “Sole 
Bookrunner”) or BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”) or any of their 
respective affiliates. Neither the delivery of these Admission Particulars nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or that there has been no adverse change in the 
business, results of operations, prospects, results or financial condition of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as o f any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Neither the Sole Bookrunner nor the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates have separately 
verified the information contained in these Admission Particulars and none of them makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accur acy or 
completeness of any of the information contained in these Admission Particulars or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the offering of the Notes. None of the Sole 
Bookrunner or the Trustee, nor any of their respective affiliates, accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained in these Admission Particulars or any other information provided by the Issuer 
in connection with the offering of the Notes or their distribution. Neither these Admission Particulars 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes is intended to 
constitute, and should not be considered as, any advice or recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Sole Bookrunner or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates that any recipient of these 
Admission Particulars or any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes 
should purchase the Notes. Each potential investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make 
its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and of the terms of the offering and of the Notes, including the merits 
and risks involved in an investment in the Notes . Neither these Admission Particulars nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Sole 
Bookrunner or the Trustee constitutes an offer or invitation to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or invitation is not permitted by law. 
Neither the delivery of these Admission Particulars, nor the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes, 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof, or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the offering of the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Issuer does not undertake to, and it does not intend to, update or supplement 
any information contained in these Admission Particulars after its date except as required by applicable
4 
 
law or regulation. Neither of the Sole Bookrunner or the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by these Admission Particulars nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Sole Bookrunner and its affiliates have engaged and may in the 
future engage in normal banking or investment banking transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates 
or any of them. 
Other than in relation to the information which is expressly deemed herein to be incorporated by 
reference herein (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to 
which these Admission Particulars refer does not form part of these Admission Particulars. 
Where third party information has been used in these Admission Particulars, the source of such 
information has been identified. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascer tain from information published by 
such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.
5 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or 
with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained, or incorporated by 
reference, in these Admission Particulars or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including (without limitation) where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes , including the possibility that the Notes may 
become subject to write -down or conversion if the resolution powers are exercised,  and is 
familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
(v) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi) understands the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and 
disposal of an interest in the Notes. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to  reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how  the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Prospective investors should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent: (1) the Notes are legal investments for it; (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any of the Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
6 
 
OFFER RESTRICTIONS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, distributed or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” 
means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ( “UK MiFIR ”). 
Consequently no disclosure document required by the FCA Product Disclosure Sourcebook (“DISC”) 
for offering, selling or distributing the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering, selling or distributing the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under DISC and the Consumer 
Composite Investments (Designated Activities) Regulations 2024. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of:  (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ( “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “EU 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that : (i) the target market 
for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
RESTRICTIONS OF SALES IN THE U.S. AND TO U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN  
REGULATION S) – The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States of America (the “United States” or the “U.S.”), and may not be 
offered, sold, pledged, taken up, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold only to non-U.S. persons outside the United 
States in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ( “Regulation S”). See “Subscription 
and Sale” below for more details. 
Neither these Admission Particulars nor any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the offering of the Notes constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy , the 
Notes in , from or otherwise involving any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. The 
distribution of these Admission Particulars and the offer or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions may
7 
 
be restricted by law. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Sole Bookrunner or any of their respective 
affiliates represent that these Admission Particulars may be lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may 
be lawfully offered , sold or delivered , in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Trustee or the Sole Bookrunner or 
any of their respective affiliates which is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the 
distribution of these Admission Particulars in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold,  directly or indirectly, and neither these Admission 
Particulars nor any advertisement or other offering or publicity material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession these Admission Particulars or any 
Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of these Admission Particulars and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the UK, the EEA, Italy, Canada, Singapore, Italy and Hong Kong – see “Subscription 
and Sale” below. Persons in receipt of these Admission Particulars are required by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Sole Bookrunner to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, Merrill Lynch International  as stabilising manager (the 
“Stabilising Manager”) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager) may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessa rily occur. Any 
stabilisation action or over -allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the Notes. Any stabilisation action or over -allotment must be conducted by the 
Stabilising Manager (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager) in accordance w ith all 
applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain information contained in these Admission Particulars, including any information as to the 
Issuer’s or the Group ’s (as defined below) strategy, market position, plans or future financial or 
operating performance, constitutes “forward looking statements ”. All statements, other than 
statements of historical fact, are forward looking statements. The words “believe”, “expect”, 
“anticipate”, “contemplate”, “target”, “plan”, “intend”, “continue”, “budget”, “project”, “aim”, 
“estimate”, “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “schedule” and similar expressions identify forward 
looking statements. 
Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, 
while considered reasonable by the Issuer, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and 
competitive uncertainties and contingencies. Known and unknown factors could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statements. Such factors include, but 
are not limited to, those described in “Risk Factors”. 
Investors are cautioned that forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. 
Forward looking statements may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward 
looking statements in these Admission Particulars speak only as at the date of these Admission 
Particulars, reflect the current view of the Issuer with respect to future events and are subject to risks 
relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Issuer ’s 
operations, results of operations, strategy, liquidity, capital and leverage ratios and the availability of 
new funding. Investors should specifically consider the factors identified in these Admission
8 
 
Particulars that could cause actual results to differ before making an investment decision. All of the 
forward looking statements made in these Admission Particulars are qualified by these cautionary 
statements. Specific reference is made to the information set out in “Risk Factors” and “Description 
of the Issuer and the Group”. 
Subject to applicable law or regulation, the Issuer explicitly disclaims any intention or obligation or 
undertaking publicly to release the result of any revisions to any forward looking statements in these 
Admission Particulars that may occur due to any change in the Issuer’s expectations or to reflect events 
or circumstances after the date of these Admission Particulars. 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION 
Certain non-IFRS financial information 
These Admission Particulars include and incorporate by reference certain financial information which 
has not been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ( “IFRS”) but 
which has been derived from the Group ’s audited annual financial statements and unaudited interim 
financial statements. This financial information constitutes alternative performance measures for the 
purposes of the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures and PRM 12.1.6R  
(“APMs”). 
Underlying profit before tax 
The Group’s underlying profit before tax comprises its underlying operating income less its underlying 
operating expenses.  
Underlying operating expenses 
The Group’s underlying operating expenses are its

---

.......................  7-8 
Consolidated interim statement of financial position .........................................  9 
Consolidated interim statement of cash flows ...................................................  10 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements ....................  11-26 
Independent review report .................................................................................  31
46 
 
 
(d) the section “Alternative Performance Measures” as set out on pages 207 to 208 (inclusive) of 
the 2025 Annual Report;  
(e) the section “Alternative Performance Measures” as set out on page  43 of the 202 4 Annual 
Report; and 
(f) the section “Alternative Performance Measures” as set out on page  29 of the 2026 Interim 
Statement. 
Copies of the documents containing information incorporated by reference in these Admission 
Particulars, as listed above, are available for viewing at https://www.rathbones.com/en-gb/wealth-
management/investor-relations/results-reports-and-presentations. 
Such information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, these Admission Particulars, 
save that any statement contained in any information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of these Admission Particulars 
to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, be 
deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of these Admission Particulars. 
Any information itself incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by reference in these 
Admission Particulars, shall not form part of these Admission Particulars. 
References in these Admission Particulars to websites are made for information purposes only and 
(other than the information expressly incorporated by reference herein, as referenced above) the 
contents of those websites do not form part of these Admission Particulars. 
Any non -incorporated information contained in any document referred to above is either  not 
considered by the Issuer to be relevant for prospective investors in the Notes to be issued or otherwise 
covered elsewhere in these Admission Particulars.
47 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (save for paragraphs in italics, which are for information purposes only and do not 
form part of the terms and conditions) are the terms and conditions that shall be applicable to the 
Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Certificate. 
The £60,000,000 8.125 per cent. Reset Subordinated Tier 2 Notes due 2036 (the “Notes”, which 
expression shall in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, include any Further Notes 
issued pursuant to Condition 16 which are consolidated and form a single series with the Notes) of  
Rathbones Group Plc (the “Issuer”) are constituted by a trust deed dated 9 September  2026 (as 
amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) made between the Issuer 
and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include 
all persons from time to time being trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust Deed) as trustee for 
the Noteholders. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of and definitions in the Trust Deed. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and an agency agreement dated 9 September 2026 (as amended, restated 
and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) made between the Issuer, the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, the Agent Bank, the other Agents and the Trustee (i) are 
available for inspection during normal business hours by prior arrangement by the Noteholders at the 
specified office of the Prin cipal Paying Agent, being at the date of issue of the Notes at 160 Queen 
Victoria Street, London, EC4V 4LA , United Kingdom , and (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following its prior written request to the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent, in each 
case upon provision of proof of holding of Notes and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or, 
as the case may be, the Principal Paying Agent). The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all of the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to 
have notice of those provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
1. FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in registered form in specified denominations of £100,000 and integral 
multiples of £1,000 in excess thereof. 
The Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(a), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Notes by the same Holder. 
Title to the Notes shall pass by registration in the register of the Noteholders that the Issuer 
shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the Holder of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or 
its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the Holder. 
2. TRANSFER OF NOTES 
(a) Transfer of Notes 
One or more Notes may, subject to Condition 2(d), be transferred upon the surrender 
(at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate 
representing such Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and 
containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise
48 
 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and an

---

uld materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and financial results. The 
Group may also finance future acquisitions with borrowings, which could adversely affect its business, 
financial condition and financial results. 
There could be unforeseen liabilities that arise out of the businesses that the Group has acquired and 
that the Group may acquire in the future, which may not be covered by, or may exceed, the amounts 
of any warranty and/or indemnity protection provided to  the Group. There is also a risk that the 
diligence performed and/or the disclosures made in connection with acquisition or other transaction 
may not be complete, accurate or correct or may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary or
23 
 
helpful in evaluating the transaction concerned. Accordingly, the Group may be subject to undisclosed 
liabilities or claims in connection with any legacy conduct and other exposures of an acquired entity. 
If any of these risks were to materialise, the result could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
The Group is exposed to credit risks 
As at 31 December 2025, the Group ’s gross credit risk exposure without taking account of any 
associated collateral held or other credit enhancements amounted to £4,132.8 million. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk principally through placing funds with external banks (principally 
central banks) and holding interest-bearing securities. It is the Group’s policy to place funds generated 
internally and from deposits by clients with the Bank of England and a range of high -quality, highly 
rated financial institutions or to invest them in highly rated government securities. Investments with 
financial institutions are spread to avoid excessive exposure to any individual counterparty. However, 
there is a risk that one or more counterparties may fail to fulfil its contractual obligations which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group ’s business, financial results, financial condition and 
growth prospects. 
The Group’s customers may withdraw FUMA at short notice 
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had £2,799.6 million due to customers on demand and a further 
£456.8 million due within three months. The Group’s customer portfolios typically include a relatively 
small cash element which forms part of a broader liquidity asset allocation, under which assets may 
also be invested across money market funds, Treasury bills, conventional government bonds or index-
linked government bonds. The instant access cash element of these customer portfolios is held by 
Rathbones Investment Management Limited (“RIM”) as a bank.  
The Group’s revenue is predominantly derived from management fees, the quantum of which is based 
on the value of FUMA. The Group’s client contracts permit clients to reduce the aggregate amount of 
their investment with no, or only short periods of, notice, or to withdraw altogether from such 
contracts. If interest rates are rising and/or stock markets are declining and/or the Group’s investment 
performance under-performs, the pace of redemptions could accelerate.  
A longer-term risk to the Group’s FUMA is foreseeable changes in clients’ circumstances, for example 
accessibility and inequality in the adult social care sector constitutes a risk to FUMA to the extent the 
Group’s clients draw on their investments to pay for their care fees and health care. 
Material withdrawals of FUMA due to the termination of many investment mandates would have an 
immediate impact on management fees and revenue which, depending on the extent of such 
withdrawals, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial results, financial 
condition and growth prospects. 
There are risks associated with the Group’s outstanding and future borrowings 
The Group may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including indebtedness ranking senior to 
the Notes, see “—Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes—Risks associated with the Notes generally—The obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes are unsecured and subordinated ” and “ —Factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with the Notes—Risks associated with the Notes generally—As 
the Issuer is a holding company, investors in the Notes will be structurally subordinated to creditors 
of the Issuer’s operating subsidiaries ” below. The Group’s ability to pay interest on, and repay the
24 
 
principal of, its indebtedness is dependent upon its ability to manage its business operations and 
generate sufficient cash flows to service that debt, which in turn are subject to a range of factors, many 
of which are outside the Group’s control, including: 
• general economic and market conditions; 
• international and domestic interest rates; 
• credit availability from banks or other financiers; and  
• investor confidence in the Group.  
At times in the past, global credit markets have experienced difficult conditions, including reduced 
liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads, concerns relating to bank liquidity and 
solvency, and decreased availability of funding generall y. Any recurrence of these conditions could 
make it difficult or significantly more expensive for the Group to obtain additional financing, either 
on a short-term or long-term basis, to fund developments or to repay or refinance existing financing.  
To the extent that the Group’s debt increases significantly in the future, its leverage could: 
• require a substantial portion of the Group’s cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the 
payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, thereby reducing its ability to use its 
cash flow to fund its operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities and to 
pay dividends; 
• expose the Group to the risk of increased interest rates with respect to its borrowings at 
variable rates of interest; 
• limit the Group’s ability to react t

---

45 financial planners as at 4 April 2023 
(being the announcement date of the acquisition). 
For management purposes, the Group is organised into two operating segments: Wealth Management 
and Asset Management. In 2025, Wealth Management and Asset Management generated operating 
income of £837.9 million and £85.4 million, respectively. 
Wealth Management 
The Group ’s Wealth Management business provides personal and comprehensive investment 
management services with expert investment and financial planning services. The Group has 
approximately 700 client-facing wealth management advis ers with average tenures of 17 years (for 
investment managers) and 12 years (for financial planners). As at 30 June 2026, a total of £112.1 
billion FUMA relates to the Group’s Wealth Management business. The Group’s wealth management 
services comprise:
87 
 
• Financial planning, which offers a personalised strategy, dedicated to achieving the client ’s 
objectives, based on a long -term strategic approach providing ongoing planning across a wide 
range of areas and needs with one-off tactical, transactional or ‘point in time’ advice as and when 
required. Currently, Rathbones Financial Planning advise s on 14  per cent. of Wealth 
Management FUMA, excluding assets relating to third -party adviser introduced business and 
charity accounts. 
• Bespoke investment management, which is the Group’s flagship discretionary service tailored to 
individual needs with access to the personal service of a dedicated investment manager. The 
portfolio is tailored to the client ’s individual objectives, risk profile, tax position, income 
requirements and personal circumstance with other specialist services available. As at 30 June 
2026, £104.6 billion FUMA related to this service. 
• Managed, which is a discretionary service that combines professional investment management 
with greater scalability and consistency of delivery. Clients receive tax and cash flow 
management and have access to an investment manager. The investment portfolio  is delivered 
through a selection of risk -based RAM funds and provides a cost -effective solution for clients 
seeking a professionally managed portfolio without the need for the full degree of customisation 
offered through bespoke investment management. As at 30 June 2026, £3.2 billion FUMA related 
to this service. 
• Select, which is a low -cost investment proposition designed primarily for clients with smaller 
portfolios. The service provides access to the Group ’s range of risk -based RAM funds on an 
execution only basis. This offers an accessible investment solution without ongoing personalised 
advice allowing the Group to establish relationships earlier in their wealth accumulation journey. 
As at 30 June 2026, £3.3 billion FUMA related to this service. 
• Managed portfolio service (MPS), which is a range of centrally managed investment portfolios 
designed for use by financial advisers on third -party investment platforms. The Group is 
responsible for investment management, asset allocation and ongoing portfolio oversight, while 
the third-party adviser retains responsibility for the financial advice. The proposition provides 
advisers and their clients with access to the Group’s investment expertise through a scalable and 
cost-effective platform-based solution. As at 30 June 2026, £0.9 billion FUMA related to this 
service.  
Asset Management 
The Group has offered asset management services since 1989 , with a focus on long -term active 
management. It currently has 29 equity, fixed income and multi asset funds, of which six are 
Sustainability Disclosure Requirement labelled. Asset Management has 98 employees with 37 
investment and risk professionals. Its fund managers have an average of 25 years investment sector 
experience and an average of 1 2 years at the Group.  As at 30 June 2026 , the Asset Management 
business manages £8.6 billion of FUMA, not including the £7.7 billion of Wealth FUMA that is 
invested in the Group’s Asset Management business funds.  
The Asset Management business has investment capabilities across equity , fixed income and multi- 
asset funds. Sustainability is embedded into Asset Management with 16 per cent. of FUMA managed 
in a Sustainability Disclosure Requirements ( SDR) labelled fund. The Asset Management business 
manages £4.2 billion in equities of which £3.4 billion is managed within the Rathbones Global 
Opportunities fund. The business also manages £2.2 billion in fixed income funds, of which £1.9 
billion FUMA is withi n the Rathbone Ethical Bond fund. Finally, £9.9 billion of assets is managed 
within Multi Asset, of which, £3.8 billion is managed in the Rathbone Multi -Asset Strategic Growth 
fund. These figures include £7.7 billion of intragroup FUMA which comprises assets managed by the 
Asset Management business which relates to propositions in the Wealth Management business.
88 
 
The Group believes that its Asset Management business provides it with a strategic advantage. The 
solutions offered are used only where they provide performance and cost benefits for clients and the 
business operates at arm’s length with clear governance and oversight, ensuring accountability. This 
provides better outcomes and cost efficiency for clients, greater consistency and scalability across 
propositions and the smaller size of the Asset Management business allows it to pilot technological 
innovation and outsourcing opportunities, enabling the wider Group to adopt proven advances with 
confidence. 
FUMA 
Investment management client base 
The Group’s investment management client base is diversified by geography, client type and size of 
relationship, providing resilience and reducing concentration risk. The Discretionary service level 
remains the core service offering, representing 89 per cent. of FUMA as at 30 June 2026. Client assets 
are spread across private clients 32 per cent., ISAs 22 per cent., pensions 16 per cent., charities 9 per 
cent., trusts 8 per cent. and other client types such as corporate clients making up the remaining 13 per 
cent. This demonstrates the breadth of the client

---

ocuses on long -term compounding through investing in quality businesses at 
attractive valuations, supported by thoughtful diversification, pr udent risk management and 
dynamic positioning for changing market conditions. In Asset Management, small, empowered 
teams make high -conviction decisions backed by strong institutional oversight and robust risk 
systems. 
• Advice and solutions honed for the entire client lifecycle : financial planning represents a 
growth opportunity, with current penetration at 14 per cent. of funds under management across 
the Group. Increasing this will help reduce outflows, deepen relationships and strengthen 
continuity through life events and wealth transfer. By embedding planning more consistently the 
Issuer believes the Group can deliver better outcomes for clients while supporting sustainable net 
organic growth. 
• A proactive, personalised and effortless service experience : the Group continues to build 
trusted, long-standing client relationships and invest in technology that complements, rather than 
replaces, its people-first approach. The Group’s evolving hybrid model offers clients convenient 
self-service options alongside personalised advice, supporting satisfaction, retention and 
responsiveness to evolving client preferences. 
First choice for talent
80 
 
The Group’s people are the foundation of its success. To attract, develop, and retain exceptionally 
talented people, Rathbones is focused on nurturing:  
• A great culture. the Group’s culture, defined by client commitment, long-term stewardship and 
collaboration and care, remains a core strength. But to support the next phase of growth, it needs 
to balance these qualities with greater accountability and sharper ways of working. Accordingly, 
Rathbones is reinforcing a culture built on clarity and simplification, pace and intent, effective 
collaboration and stronger advancement, recognition and reward. Equally important is creating 
an environment where colleagues are continually develope d, ensuring the most talented people 
grow, progress and stay engaged. The Rathbones Institute, launching in 2027, is expected to be 
a key enabler of this. The Institute will provide a unified and scalable approach to professional, 
technical and leadership development, helping colleagues build the skills and confidence needed 
to deliver excellent client outcomes. It will also provide the structured challenge and career 
pathways that high -performing colleagues expect. By investing in its people in this struct ured 
way, the Group is creating the foundations for a culture that empowers colleagues and accelerates 
performance.  
• Motivating incentives: at the start of 2026, the Group introduced a new remuneration scheme 
for investment managers and financial planners that is simple, transparent and formula-driven. It 
aligns reward to the right behaviours and supports sustainable growth. Alongside this, the new 
Rathbones Growth Unit Scheme extends incentives to colleagues in its enablement functions, 
providing share-based rewards over three years tied to improvemen ts in net flows within the 
Wealth Management business and reinforcing shared ownership across the organisation. 
Together, these changes create a clear, consistent and motivating framework that supports growth 
and aligns everyone behind the Group’s ambition. 
• AI-powered tools and processes to make doing business easy : Rathbones is focused on 
improving the client and employee experience by embedding AI into the fabric of the Group ’s 
operations. The Group ’s clients value human connection, trusted advice, judgement during 
volatility and support through major life decisions. AI enhances this and is already embedded 
across some of the platforms colleagues use every day. Copilot is now enterprise -wide, helping 
teams draft, summarise and analyse more effectively. In the front office, AI is improving the 
efficiency of production of suitability notes and strengthening advice oversight  and, in the data 
and client experience platforms, AI is giving cleaner data and faster insight into what clients are 
thinking and feeling. The next phase will be about further implementation of AI into core 
workflows alongside other tools.  By modernising and simplifying its systems and processes, 
supported by AI-powered tools, the Group is creating an environment where teams can focus on 
what matters most: serving clients and growing the business. 
The most effective operator 
To deliver sustainable, scalable growth, Rathbones is strengthening the effectiveness and resilience of 
the Group’s operations through: 
• Data-led commercial excellence : the Group is using data much more systematically to 
strengthen client outcomes, improve retention and drive sustainable growth. By analysing where 
the strongest opportunities lie, it is reshaping client -facing teams to improve productivity and 
efficiency, providing more targeted support across the client lifecycle, and increasing 
introductions to financial planning. This sharper, insight -led approach is helping the Group 
convert demand from both existing and new clients. The Group is applying the same dis cipline 
to reducing outflows of FUMA. Data now gives a clearer view of assets at risk and the 
interventions most likely to make a difference. This includes expanding financial planning, 
increasing the frequency of high -quality client touchpoints and refini ng the Group ’s ‘At
81 
 
Retirement’ proposition to better meet client needs. This approach is already helping strengthen 
long-term relationships and enhance the quality and consistency of client engagement. 
• Simplified operations: as it works toward streamlining its internal operations, the Group has 
expanded its relationship with Salesforce. Rathbones is working to bring client lifecycle and 
relationship management together on a single platform using Salesforce and Xplan, replaci ng 
existing systems, including InvestCloud.  This platform is expected to launch by the end of 
September 2026. This unified approach is expected to deliver greater impact, simplify workflows, 
reduce post-integr

---

accounted for approximately 7 per cent. and 3 per cent. of FUMA, respectively, at the same date, 
providing additional diversification, liquidity and risk management benefits.   
CLIENT SEGMENTATION AND PLANNING 
As at 30 June 2026, Rathbones managed £120.7 billion for more than 119,000 clients. Within Wealth 
Management, £112.1 billion is managed, of which, 83 per cent. is managed on a direct to client basis 
and 17 per cent. is managed on an indirect or advis er introduced basis. A further £8.6 billion is 
managed by RAM and invested in the Group ’s multi-asset, single strategy and Charity CAIF funds. 
Rathbones maintains resilient margins. The Wealth Management business fee and commission income 
margins for the first half of 2026 were 57.3 basis points (first half of 2025: 59.0 basis points) and 10.1 
basis points (first half of 2025: 9.4 basis points), respectively. The Asset Management fee margin for 
the first half of 2026  was 51.2 basis points (first half of 2025: 51.3 basis points) . The net interest 
income margin in the first half of 2026 was 252 basis points (first half of 2025: 234 basis points).    
CAPITAL RESOURCES
89 
 
As a banking group, the Group is required to operate in accordance with the requirements relating to 
capital resources and banking exposures prescribed by the PRA. The Group is required to ensure it 
maintains adequate capital resources to meet its combined Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 requirements. 
The Group’s disciplined approach to capital allocation seeks to balance growth and returns. Its targeted 
investments aim to drive long -term business growth and while it has historically also grown 
inorganically, its focus is currently on organic growth. The Group pa ys regular and progressive 
dividends underpinned by earnings growth and, where appropriate it returns excess capital to 
shareholders. 
The Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio and total own funds ratio were 16.8 per cent. and 
18.3 per cent., respectively, as at 30 June 2026, 18 .0 per cent. and 19.4 per cent, respectively, at 31 
December 2025 and 19.0 per cent. and 20.6 per cent., respectively, at 31 December 2024.  
The decreases as at 3 0 June 2026 compared to 31 December 202 5 reflected capital returned to 
shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. 
The decreases as at 31 December 2025 compared to 31 December 2024 reflected both an increase in 
RWAs and the return of surplus capital to shareholders up to 31 December 2025 relating to the share 
buyback in that year. The increase in the RWAs was driven by the migration of IW&I clients to RIM 
from April 2025 as client deposits, which were previously held off balance sheet by IW&I under Client 
Assets Sourcebook requirements, became on-balance sheet banking deposits and were subsequently 
invested in accordance with the RIM treasury mandate. This change resulted in a higher Pillar 1 credit 
risk charge. 
The Group’s £50 million share buyback programme launched in September 2025, under which £36.2 
million of shares had been repurchased in the market by 31 December 2025, resulted in a reduction in 
share capital which was largely offset by lower CET1 regulatory deductions. An extension to the share 
buyback programme of up to £20 million was announced on 27 February 2026, launched on 17 June 
2026 following PRA approval and subsequently completed in July 2026.   
The Group’s leverage ratio was 14.5 per cent. at 30 June 2026 and represents the Group’s Tier 1 capital 
(own funds) as a percentage of its total assets (i.e. the ‘exposure measure’), excluding central bank 
exposure and intangible assets. At 30 June 2026, neither RIM nor the Group was subject to a minimum 
leverage ratio requirement. 
As at 30 June 2026, t he Group’s Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was 292. 8 per cent. and its Net 
Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) was 194.3 per cent. 
The Group’s RWA were  £2,761.9 million as at 30 June 2026,  £2,778.3 million as at  31 December 
2025 and £2,521.9 million as at 31 December 2024. 
The tables below show the Group’s regulatory own funds and the Group’s own funds requirements at 
31 December in each of 2025 and 2024.
90 
 
 
Group’s regulatory own funds(1) 
 
At 31 December 
 2025 2024 
 
(£ million) 
Share capital and share premium(2) ..............................  12.3 323.3 
Reserves ......................................................................  1,402.9 1,104.2 
Less:   
Own shares ..................................................................  (63.3) (68.1) 
Intangible assets(3) .......................................................  (852.0) (878.7) 
Retirement benefit asset(4) ...........................................  (0.6) (0.5) 
CET1 own funds ........................................................  499.3 480.2 
Tier 2 own funds(5) ......................................................  40.0 40.0 
Total own funds .........................................................  539.3 520.2 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) Stated inclusive of the retained profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 which became verified profit 
on 26 February 2026, but prior to taking into account the proposed final dividend relating to 2025. 
(2) Following Court approval, on 11 June 2025, £317,824,953 of the Issuer’s share premium account was 
cancelled and converted to distributable retained earnings to allow for more efficient management of 
shareholders’ capital. The cancellation had no net impact on the Issuer’s total equity. 
(3) Net book value of goodwill, client relationship intangible assets and software is deducted directly from own 
funds, less any related deferred tax. 
(4)  The retirement benefit asset is deducted directly from own funds. 
(5) The Issuer intends to redeem or repurchase and cancel these securities in full on or prior to 12 October 2026 
using the proceeds of these Notes. 
Group’s own funds requirements 
 At 31 December 
 2025 2024 
 
(£ million) 
Credit risk requirement ................................................  89.2 75.2 
Market risk requirement ..............................................  - - 
Operational risk requirement .......................................

---

he SDDT criteria. 
The Group continues to monitor regulatory developments closely and to assess the implications of the 
final rules for its capital, risk management and disclosure framework.   
RESOLUTION STRATEGY AND MREL 
The Bank of England notified the Group in 2021 that its preferred resolution strategy for the Group is 
modified insolvency. Accordingly, the Group ’s minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (“MREL”) is equal to its total capital requirement.  
RISK MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL 
Rathbones’ approach to risk management is fundamental to supporting the delivery of its strategic 
objectives. Its risk governance and risk processes are designed to enable the firm to manage risk 
effectively in accordance with its risk appetite and to support the long-term future of the firm. 
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) has overall responsibility for risk management, regularly 
assessing the most significant risks and emerging threats to Rathbones’ strategy. The Board delegates 
oversight of risk management activities to the Group Risk and Audit committees. Rathbones ’ risk 
governance and risk management framework supports the CEO and executive committee members 
with their day-to-day responsibility for managing risk. 
The risk culture embedded across Rathbones enhances the effectiveness of risk management and 
decision-making. The Board promotes a strong risk culture, reinforced by the executive and senior
92 
 
management team, which encourages appropriate behaviours and collaboration on managing risk 
across the organisation. 
Risk management is an integral part of everyone ’s day-to-day responsibilities and activities and is 
linked to performance and development, as well as to Rathbones’ remuneration and reward schemes. 
Rathbones aims to create an open and transparent working environment, encouraging employees to 
engage positively in risk management in support of the achievement of Rathbones ’ strategic 
objectives. 
Rathbones’ risk management framework is a defined approach to identify, assess and respond to risks 
that could affect delivery of strategic objectives and annual business plans. The Board, executive and 
senior management are actively involved in this process. Risks are identified within a three -tier 
hierarchy, with the highest level containing business and strategic, financial, conduct and operational 
risks. Risks are assessed on an inherent and residual basis across a three -year period according to 
several impact cr iteria, which include consideration of the internal control environment and other 
mitigants. 
Emerging risks, including legislative and regulatory change, which have the potential to impact 
Rathbones and delivery of its strategic objectives, are monitored through a watch list. 
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS 
The Group ’s commitment to being a responsible business is core to its values and underpins its 
purpose. The Group’s responsible business strategy is built around four themes and brings together its 
work across all environmental and social topics. 
Clients 
The Group aims to apply an active and thoughtful approach to client service, responsible marketing 
practices and responsible investment. Clients are at the heart of the Group’s strategy. The Group aims 
to develop a clear view of its clients ’ evolving needs, preferences and behaviours through ongoing 
client engagement so it can tailor the client experience, product offerings and distribution channels. 
Its commitment to delivering valuable propositions, exceptional service and leading practices  
underpins both its success and its responsibility as a trusted partner. The Group also recognises that 
environmental, social and financial stability are interconnected and that robust management of these 
factors is in its clients’ best interests. The Group prioritises engagement with companies where it can 
drive positive change on systemic, material issues and is prepared to escalate its engagement activity 
or reduce its holdings in companies that present significant risks in these areas. 
Colleagues 
The Group seeks to ensure its people are safe, supported and treated fairly. As a people business, it is 
imperative that the Group ’s strategy helps foster a culture that drives performance and builds long, 
rewarding careers for colleagues. Based around a common set of corporate values and a commitment 
to inclusion, the Group focuses on leveraging the talent in its business, as it deve lops more career 
paths, builds leadership skills and manages succession. The Group invests in the learning and 
development of colleagues and seeks to give everyone the opportunity to develop the skills and 
knowledge they need to deliver at their best. The wellbeing of colleagues is also a priority, and the 
Group has a range of provisions in place to support their mental and physical health. 
Communities  
The Group ensures that it supports positive change in its industry and its communities. The Group 
aims to add value not only to its clients but also to the communities in which it operates. The Group
93 
 
works closely with regulators, partners, suppliers and communities to understand their aims and 
ambitions, working to align its approach to good practice across its programmes. The Group 
encourages financial awareness in society through various programmes and is committed to supporting 
entrepreneurs, founders and business owners as they grow and scale. It also continues to engage in 
industry-wide initiatives and government consultations across different aspects of responsible business 
practices. 
Governance 
The Group continues to enhance its governance through embedding privacy, human rights, nature and 
climate risk considerations in its decision -making process. The Group supports the United Nations 
Global Compact, in alignment with its support for the Univer sal Declaration of Human Rights, and 
the International Labour Organization’s standards. As a business, the Group seeks to respect human 
rights and is committed to preventing instances of child or forced labour in its operations or through 
the investments it makes. The Group continu

---

mmittee held four scheduled meetings in 2025.
96 
 
Group Risk Committee 
This committee provides the Board with oversights and advice in relation to risk management within 
the Group. The members of the Group Risk Committee are Terri Duhon (Chair), Clive Bannister, 
Sarah Gentleman, Dharmash Mistry, Iain Cummings and Kathryn Purves. The committee held six 
scheduled meetings in 2025. 
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT 
The Group ’s Executive Management are all members of the Group Executive Committee. This 
committee’s role is to ensure the Board has effective oversight of the day -to-day management of the 
Group. The Executive Management team is also responsible for strategic decision-making, operational 
oversight and driving business performance across the Group. 
The members of the Group Executive Committee are: 
Name  Title 
Jonathan Sorrell CEO and Chair 
Iain Hooley  Group Chief Financial Officer 
Brad Novak  Chief Technology Officer  
Camilla Stowell  Chief Executive Officer, Wealth 
Cassandra Williams  Group Chief Risk Officer 
Gillian Van Maaren Group Chief People Officer 
Ivo Darnley Managing Director, RIM 
Michael Turner Group Chief Operating Officer 
Robert Sears Chief Investment Officer 
Simonetta Rigo Group Chief Client Officer 
Ben Tibbalds Head of Wealth Risk 
Kate Straker Chief of Staff 
Jonathan Sorrell, CEO 
Jonathan joined Rathbones in July 2025 and was appointed Group Chief Executive Officer in August 
2025. 
Jonathan joined Rathbones from Capstone, the alternatives investment manager, where he was 
President. Prior to this, Jonathan was Chief Financial Officer and then President of Man Group plc, 
the listed asset manager. He began his career at Goldman Sachs, w here he was a Managing Director 
working in the Investment Banking, Investment Management and Securities divisions in London and 
New York.  
Jonathan is the co -founder of the 10,000 Interns Foundation and of ABL, which provide paid 
internships for students from under-represented groups. Jonathan works extensively with the NSPCC, 
the children’s charity, as a member of its Rebuilding Childhoods Board and as an Honorary Council 
Member. Most recently, Jonathan founded Towards, a business providing local, accessible and 
affordable mental health care in the UK which he chairs in a non-executive capacity. 
Jonathan has an MA in Law from Cambridge University.
97 
 
Iain Hooley, Group Chief Financial Officer 
Iain was appointed as Group Chief Financial Officer on 1 January 2024. Iain served as finance director 
of Investec Wealth & Investment Limited for more than a decade and was appointed CEO of Investec 
Wealth & Investment Limited in February 2023. He brings to his current role his extensive knowledge 
of the sector along with a wealth of experience of financial and regulatory reporting, corporate 
governance and risk management. 
Iain is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and began his career 
with Coopers & Lybrand, which subsequently became PricewaterhouseCoopers. Working in the audit 
practice, Iain had responsibility for managing a varied portfolio of audit engagements which included 
small and medium sized enterprises and listed companies across a range of sectors. In 2000, he joined 
BWD Securities PLC, which went on to become Investec Wealth & Investment Limited UK, initially 
as group financial controller with responsibility for the management of its internal and exter nal 
financial reporting, tax compliance and other financial matters. 
Brad Novak, Chief Technology Officer 
Brad is the Chief Technology Officer at Rathbones, having joined in January 2026. 
He is responsible for integrating, standardising and consolidating platforms, tools and processes to 
enhance workforce productivity and colleague experience. 
He was previously chief information officer ( “CIO”) for DXC Technology, where he led DXC ’s 
global IT strategy and technology operations, with a focus on embedding AI across the company ’s 
infrastructure and services. With more than 30 years of experience in financial services and 
technology, Brad has held senior leadership roles at Barclays, Credit Suisse and Goldman Sachs, 
driving large-scale technology transformations, cloud adoption initiatives and AI-driven productivity 
programmes. At Barclays, he served as chief technology officer for the Corporate and Investment 
Bank and as CIO for Wealth and Investment Management, where he led a £350 million technology 
modernisation programme for the Private Bank. He has also advised private equity firms and fintech 
companies on technology strategy, due diligence and market expansion. 
Brad earned a bachelor’s degree in computer science from Cornell University and holds dual U.S. and 
U.K. nationality. 
Camilla Stowell, Chief Executive Officer, Wealth 
Camilla was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Wealth in June 2025, bringing over 30 years of 
experience in Wealth Management and Private Banking. She has a proven track record of leading 
high-performing teams, driving strategic growth and delivering excep tional outcomes for clients 
across the high net worth and ultra-high net worth segments, both onshore and offshore. Camilla has 
held a series of senior leadership roles at Coutts & Co, including Head of International and Private 
Office, Head of Wealth and Investment Management, and most recently, Managing Director, Head of 
Private and Commercial Client Coverage. She led the Coutts coverage business through a period of 
significant growth and transformation, with a strong focus on client service excellence, t echnology-
driven change and cultural leadership. 
She has deep expertise in wealth management, private client advice, regulatory compliance and 
strategic transformation, built over her career with Coutts, Schroders and Lloyds Private Bank. 
Camilla is a Board member of PIMFA, the UK’s trade association for wealth management, investment 
services and financial advice; as well as a member of the Advisory Board for Women in Banking & 
Finance.
98 
 
Cassandra Williams, Group Chief Risk Officer 
Cassandra joined Rathbones in 2025 as Group Risk Officer. She has over 2

---

y and process at Rathbones, overseeing the 
entire investment lifecycle, including asset allocation, investment research, portfolio construction and 
risk management, to ensure the delivery of superior, scalable outcomes for clients. 
With two decades of experience in global financial markets and investing, Robert has a proven track 
record of developing sophisticated investment frameworks and delivering excellent performance. 
Prior to Rathbones, he spent over 13 years at Capital Generation Partners where, as Partner and Chief 
Investment Officer, he led the investment team and pioneered the firm ’s proprietary asset allocation 
models. He began his career at Merrill Lynch, focusing on structured solutions and derivatives across 
all major asset classes. 
Robert’s approach is defined by a clear investment philosophy and framework, and a commitment to 
data-driven research. He holds a double first-class Master of Mathematics from Oxford University and 
a Master of Finance from Cambridge University, where he was award ed the Director’s Prize for the 
highest overall mark. Robert is a CFA ® charter holder, a certified Financial Risk Manager and holds 
the CFA Certificate in ESG Investing. 
Simonetta Rigo, Group Chief Client Officer 
Simonetta is Group Chief Client Officer, an executive -level role to lead marketing, communication 
and brand experience. 
Simonetta joined Rathbones in 2024 from Evelyn Partners, where she was Group Chief Marketing 
Officer as well as the architect and commercial owner of the redesigned Bestinvest.co.uk. With 25 
years’ experience in financial services, Simonetta started her career at McKinsey & Company and has 
since held a variety of roles at American Express, Bupa International, Western Union and Tesco Bank. 
She has served on the Board of the Western Union Foundation a nd of UK wealth manager Brewin 
Dolphin and has been a member of the Surrey Business School Advisory Board since 2016, which she 
chaired for the last two years. Simonetta has an MBA from INSEAD. 
Ben Tibbalds, Head of Wealth Risk 
Ben is Head of Wealth Risk. 
Ben joined Rathbones in September 2025. He brings over 20 years ’ experience in risk management 
across alternative asset management and investment banking. He spent 14 years at Man Group as Head 
of Group Financial Risk, where he built and managed frameworks across investment risk, capital 
modelling, counterparty risk and risk appetite. Earlier in his career, he held senior risk roles at JP 
Morgan, specialising in equity markets and exotic derivatives. 
He holds an MA/MEng in Engineering from Cambridge University and an MSc in Mathematical 
Trading and Finance from Bayes Business School. 
Kate Straker, Chief of Staff   
Kate is Chief of Staff.
100 
 
Kate joined Rathbones in September 2025 following an 18-year career at Man Group, which included 
serving as Deputy Group Chief Operating Officer from 2022 –2024, and Chief Operating Officer of 
Man AHL from 2017–2022. Kate is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and 
Wales and began her career at PKF (UK) LLP, which is now part of BDO LLP. 
The address of each member of the Executive Committee is 30 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7QN. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the members 
of the Executive Committee listed above and their duties to the Group. 
EMPLOYEES 
During 2025, the Group employed, on an average monthly full time equivalent basis, 3,406 employees, 
including 2,261 in Wealth Management and 68 in Asset Management, with the balance in shared 
services.
101 
 
TAXATION 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION  
The following is a summary of United Kingdom taxation law at the date hereof in relation to certain 
aspects of payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes. Save where expressly stated to 
the contrary, it is based on current United Kingdom la w and the published practice of HM Revenue 
& Customs (“HMRC”), which may not be binding on HMRC and may be subject to change, sometimes 
with retrospective effect, in each case as of the latest practicable date before the date of these 
Admission Particulars. The comments do not deal with all United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of the Notes , nor do they deal with the tax consequences of any substitution or 
variation of the Notes or any substitution of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the Notes. The 
comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and 
who hold the Notes as investments. Certain classes of persons such as dealers, certain professional 
investors or persons connected with the Issuer may  be subject to special rules not covered by this 
summary. The following is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is not 
intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of  the tax considerations that might be 
relevant to a prospective purchaser. Prospective investors in the Notes are recommended to consult 
their own professional advisers in the United Kingdom and in any other relevant jurisdiction for the 
tax consequences to them of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. The following comments relate 
only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Notes  and do not 
consider the tax consequences in any other jurisdiction of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes . 
In particular, Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other 
jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
UK Withholding Tax 
The Notes issued by the Issuer which carry a right to interest will constitute “quoted Eurobonds” 
provided they are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of 
section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the “Act”) for the purpose of section 987 of the Act) or 
admitted to trading on a “multilateral trading facility ” operated by