Disclaimer* Rathbones Group PLC 01 September 2026 Rathbones Group Plc (the "Company") LEI: 213800MBTHM6UE8ZQP29 Total Voting Rights In accordance with DTR 5.6.1 of the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules ("DTR"), the Company notifies the market that as at 31 August 2026 the issued share capital of the Company consisted of: · 90,517,016 Ordinary Shares of 5 pence each with voting rights; and · 17,481,868 Convertible Non-Voting Ordinary Shares of 5 pence each. The Company does not hold any shares in Treasury as at the date of this disclosure. The Convertible Non-Voting Ordinary Shares do not have voting rights. The total number of voting rights in the Company is therefore 90,517,016 and may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the DTR. Ali Johnson Group Company Secretary Telephone: 07901 118456 1 September 2026 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rathbones Group (RAT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 25 minutes ago LSL Property Services 25 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD 1 hour ago Mcbride 1 hour ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and