Disclaimer* Rathbones Group PLC 09 September 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE UNLAWFUL Rathbones Group Plc* Successful issue of new £60 million Tier 2 notes 9 September 2026, London | Rathbones Group Plc ( Rathbones or the Group ) announces that it has successfully issued £60 million of tier 2 debt to maintain the efficiency of the Group's capital structure and for general corporate purposes, including the refinancing of its existing £40 million Tier 2 notes issued in 2021. The new Tier 2 notes, which will be admitted to trading on the International Securities Market of the London Stock Exchange with the ticker 'RATLN', have a maturity of 9 December 2036 and a 3-month par call option exercisable from 9 September 2031 to 9 December 2031 at Rathbones' discretion, subject to compliance with usual prudential requirements. Interest is payable at a fixed rate of 8.125% per annum until the interest payment date falling in December 2031, with a reset spread over 5-year Gilts of 336.9 basis points thereafter if the call option is not exercised. Iain Hooley, Group Chief Financial Officer, said : "We are pleased with the strong investor response to our first listed Tier 2 bond issue, which reflects confidence in Rathbones' strong capital position and the credibility of our long-term strategy. We would like to thank all investors we have met during the process. The new issuance forms part of our disciplined approach to capital management, ensuring an efficient capital structure for the Group while supporting our ambition to become the best wealth manager in the UK, by far." ENDS Notes to Editors For further information , please contact: Investors Nicolas Duperrier, Investor Relations Tel: +44 (0)20 7399 0405 Email: nicolas.duperrier@rathbones.com Press Hugh Morris, Corporate Communications Email: hugh.morris@rathbones.com Group Company Secretary Ali Johnson Email: ali.johnson@rathbones.com * LEI: 213800MBTHM6UE8ZQP29 About Rathbones rathbones.com Rathbones Group Plc (Rathbones) is one of the UK's leading providers of investment and wealth management services for private clients (individuals and families), charities, trustees, and professional partners. Rathbones' purpose is to help more people invest their money well, so they can live well. With roots dating back to 1742, the company has been trusted for generations to manage, preserve and grow its clients' wealth. Services include discretionary investment management, fund management, tax planning, trust and company management, financial advice and banking services. Rathbones also supports financial advisers in its aim to deliver positive outcomes for their clients. Rathbones manages £120.7 billion* of client assets, including £16.3 billion through its asset management arm, Rathbones Asset Management Limited. A FTSE 250 company, Rathbones has over 3,300 employees, including over 750 investment professionals in 21 offices across the UK and the Channel Islands, offering clients high-quality, personalised wealth management services. *As of June 30, 2026 DISCLAIMER This announcement is not an offer of securities or investments for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities or investments in any jurisdiction. The new Tier 2 notes (the Notes ) were issued on 9 September 2026 following the successful completion of a book-building exercise. The communication of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. The manufacturer target market (UK MiFIR product governance) for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) or disclosure document required by the FCA Product Disclosure Sourcebook (DISC) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail in the European Economic Area ( EEA ) or the United Kingdom ( UK ). The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. In the UK this announcement is directed only at (i) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the Order ) and (ii) other persons to whom this announcement may otherwise lawfully be directed in compliance with the Order (together, relevant persons ). This announcement must not be acted on by persons in the UK who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates will only be available to and engaged in with relevant persons. Customary distribution restrictions also apply in other jurisdictions, including in the EEA, Canada, Italy, Hong Kong and Singapore. The full terms and conditions of the Notes are set out in Admission Particulars dated 7 September 2026 and prepared by Rathbones. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rathbones Group (RAT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago LSL Property Services 18 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 56 minutes ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD 1 hour ago Mcbride 1 hour ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and