Disclaimer* Rathbones Group PLC 25 September 2026 Rathbones Group Plc (the "Company") Notification of Transactions of Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities The Company announces that the following PDMR has been granted a share award under the Rathbones Group Plc Performance Share Plan 2026. The details below relate to a Deferred Share Award granted on 9 March 2026. The grant was delayed pending completion of the FCA Skilled Person Review, which was ongoing at the time. The Deferred Share Award will vest over a three-year period in three equal annual tranches. The award was made at a share price of £20.27, £19.13, and £18.00, based on the average share price over five days preceding the grant date and discounted to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents over the annual vesting cycle. The award is subject to Company's malus and clawback provisions. The notifications below, which have been made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provide further detail. Enquiries: Ali Johnson Group Company Secretary Telephone - 07901 118456 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Iain Hooley 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Group Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Rathbones Group Plc b) LEI 213800MBTHM6UE8ZQP29 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 5p each ISIN: GB0002148343 b) Nature of the transaction Share award grant made pursuant to the Rathbones Performance Share Plan. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £20.27 2,160 £19.13 2,288 £18.00 2,433 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2 026-09-25 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rathbones Group (RAT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Kelso Group Holdings 2 days ago Rathbones Group 2 days ago Georgia Capital 2 days ago Hays 2 days ago BP All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and