& RATHBONES

Company No. 01000403

RATHBONES GROUP PLC

_ ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025

@ RATHBONES ~ N

Positioned
with purpose

\
>, Sone
N \N NN
, .
Report & Aooount > ,
» s. \
2008 ea
ti? i
t
& \ |

Rathbones Group Ple Report & Accounts 2025 Strategic report Governance re port Financial statements funrritornaton QP 9

As we enter 2026, we are positioned
with purpose, as a unified business
focused on optimisation, building
on the momentum of a strong 2025
and unlocking new opportunities
for stakeholders.

01 Rothbones Group Ple Report & Accounts 2025,

Contents

Strotogicroport

Governance report

Finonciol stotements

Strategic report 02 Governance report 78 Financial statements 7
hlights 02 Chairsietter _ 79 Independent auditor's report to the
2025 highlights 03 Compliance with the 2024 UK members of Rathbones Group Pic 18
Chairs statement 04 Corporate Governance Code 81. Consolidated financial statements 128
Group Chief Executive Officers review 06 Governance framework 83 Notes to the consolidated
Group Chief Financial Officer's review 10. Board of Directors 84. financial statements 132
02 About us 14 Key Board decisions ‘86 Company financial statements 187
‘About Rathbones a -Nomination Committee report {87 Notes to the company
Investment case 16 Audit Committee report 92 financialstatements 190
Gurpupose-divenoppooch "17 Group Risk Committee report 95. Alternative performance measures 207
Remuneration Committee report 98
‘Annual report on remuneration 101 Further information 209
03 2025 deep dive: Strategic and Directors’ report m3
___financial performance Statement of Directors’ responsibilities Five-year record 210
in inrespect of the Report and Accounts___16.__ Corporate information 210

Ourkey performance in
Our strategic priorities

Financial review
‘Segmental review

Financial position

idity and cash flow

Responsible business review

(04 Responding to market

risks and opportunities

(Our market environment

Section 172 statement

Our stakeholder framework
isk management and control

Principal risks

Viability statement

Climate-related financial disclosures

Climate-related risks

Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

Our next chapter
Rothbones is entering

1d by sc
and opportunity

ne defi

Our purpose
led approach

Following the int

Further information

OOOO)

| Our reporting suite

{This Report and Accounts forms part
cof our wider reporting suite where you
can find more about our full activities.

+ © fevponsibisuniness Update 2025

KL

(TOTO)

Our 2025
highlights

2025 nighlights 03
Chairs statement 04

Group Ctief Executive Officer’sreview 06
Group Cie Financial Officer's reviews 10

ences peta commoesnpor frowns —ratwntinensn — QO)

2025 highlights

Financial Strategic Stakeholder

Number of Client net
investment managers’ promoter score*

63] 63%

2024: 630 2024: 56%

Profit Basic earnings
before tax per share

107.9p

2024: 63¢

Underlying prof t Underlying earnings
before tax'? per share!

170.5

2024: 1616p

Total funds under management ‘Stewardship engagements
‘and administration (FUMA) with companies

£115.6b6n 857

2024: £109.2bn 2024:743

Dividend paid and Return on capital
proposed per srare employed (ROCE)’

99.00 8.39

2024: 93.0p 2024: 48

|

Number of Employee share
financial planner ownership

il 8.2% \ uch

21 (APH. Poose reer to exge 20? for

2024:121 2024: 7.9% tore detoilon APM=

2, Arecoretloton between underiying
profi before tex ond prot before tox
{shown on gos

3. Underving prott ahr tox as 0
percentage of overage otal of equity

forthe yeor. The cocuiation hos been

‘amended eltive tothe prior year 20.

thot tote equty ured inthe 2028

‘coeulaton. This toolow a mor

Of the inereare of lDbps during 2025,

40bps othe total mevemant duo tO

the chongein eatovavon methodclogy

Bi clients sub E5m surveyed

The method of eoleuotng the number

of vestment managers and finan)

planners wos revied in 2025

felionong changes in the organisation

Underlying return

;

(Group CEO’ review p09805
‘Our strategie priorities poge 25 > ‘Our stakeholder framework poge 49 methodologies, The number of

Investment managers and noncioh
plonnersin 2024 have been restoted

04 Rathbones Group Ple Report & Accounts 2025

Chair’s statement

“Anew cha pter
for Rathbones

Purpose and values Succession
|The Board approved 2025 marked significant
Rathbones' refreshed leadership transition.

purpose and values.

a===mD  _ C= III

Dear Shareholder

2025 was a pivotal year for Rathbones.
Following the successful integration

of Investec Wealth & Investment (IW&d),
the largest transaction in our sector,
we now stand as the UK’s largest discr
wealth manager. Over time, we intend to

be ‘the best’. This achievement provides a
strong platform for the next phase of growth,
underpinned by disciplined Governance and
aclear strategic direction.

nary

This year, the Board's primary areas of focus
were succession planning at both Board and
Executive Committee (ExCo) level, specifically
the appointment of Jonathan Sorrell as our new
Chief Executive Officer; and ensuring that we
adopt the right strategy to deliver sustainable
success for the business. In addition, the Board
oversaw several important decisions, including
the completion of the IW&l client migration,
the launch of our first ever share buyback
Programme and the approval of the firm’s,
refreshed purpose statement.

Clients
Our clients remain at the heart of our business.
Through our proven track record in investment
‘management and deep expertise in financial
planning, we deliver solutions that help clients
achieve their long-term financial goals. The
continued implementation of the Consumer
Duty, which introduces more rigorous
requirements around transparency, value and
‘outcomes, has strengthened our foundations
‘ond will embed new frameworks, tools and
processes to support better client outcomes.
While we are confident that we meet the Duty’s
requirements, we recognise that embedding
isa.constant process. The Board will maintain
‘oversight to ensure continued delivery and
improvements are achieved in 2026 and beyond.

conmecenget roninsenets ——tetwatmanen —§ QOD)

Culture, purpose and stakeholder engagement
In 2025, the Board approved Rathbones’
refreshed purpose: “To help more people
invest their money well, so they can live well”.
This was the result of engagement with clients,
colleagues, and stakeholders. The Board believes
this purpose is both credible and actionable.

The Board monitors how our purpose is
promoted as a responsible, inclusive culture
that supports long-term success. Governance
goes beyond compliance, fostering an
environment aligned with our values where
diverse perspectives are encouraged. This
culture should drive growth and profitability.

We monitor culture through regular
engagement with colleagues, workforce
engagement initiatives and branch visits,
ensuring our client-focused and responsible
culture continues to underpin long-term
success, Stakeholder views inform decisions
through surveys, town halls, investor meetings,
and regulator dialogue, helping shape strategy
for long-term success. Further details, including
our section 172 statement, are on page 48,

05 —_Rathbones Group Ple Report & Accounts 2025

As we enter the next phase
of Rathbones’ journey,

the Board remains focused
on the delivery of our
strategy, supported by strong
governance as the business
moves from integration to
robust organic growth.

Shareholder value

Rathbones remains focused on delivering long-
term shareholder value. In 2025, we introduced
new capital allocation framework and
launched our first £50 million share buyback.
The programme was completed on 16 February
2026, On 27 February 2026, we announced

{an extension to that programme of up to

£20 milion, subject to regulatory approval
‘Alongside this, we reaffirmed our commitment
toa progressive dividend policy, with an
increased total dividend of 99p for the year
(2024: 9p). Ths reflects a long-term track
record of disciplined capital returns, including
106.2% compound annual growth rate in

‘our dividend over the past 20 years.

‘The final dividend is scheduled to be paid on
13 May 2026, subject to shareholder approval
at our Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 7 May
2026, to shareholders on the register as of

17 April 2026.

Strategie report

Board and Executive Committee succession
2025 also marked a significant leadership
transition, Paul Stockton retired after 16 yeors
‘at Rathbones, including six as Group Chief
Executive. On behalf of the Board, | thank him
for his contribution. Following a rigorous global
search, we appointed Jonathan Sorrell, who
brings deep experience and a fresh perspective
as we enter our next phase of growth.

During the first half of 2026, the Board expects
toannounce a new Senior independent Director,
subject to regulatory approval. Sarah
Gentleman, whose tenure has exceeded nine
years, will step down in the fourth quarter of
2026, after the completion of the search for her
replacement. | would ike to thank Sarah for her
years of distinguished and remarkable service.

‘As announced on Ié February 2026, Ruth Leas,
Non-Executive Director, resigned from the
Board following the successful integration of
IW, having joined the Board following the
‘completion of the combination in September
2023. would lke to thank Ruth for her time
‘on the Board. The company wishes her well
for the future.

We also strengthened the Executive Committee
to support our strategic ambitions, with new
‘appointments in Wealth, Risk, Operations,
Technology, Research and People Leadership.
These changes ensure we have the right skills
‘and experience to deliver on our vision to be
‘the best wealth manager in the UK, by far.

Further details on these changes can be found
in the Nominations and Governance reports
on, 87 ond 78,

Governonce report Finonciol statements Furthor information

‘Outlook
‘Aswe enter the next phase of Rathbones’
journey, the Board remains focused on the
delivery of our strategy, supported by strong
‘governance as the business moves from
integration to robust organic growth.

(Our priority is to maintain oversight of culture,
risk, and stakeholder interests while enabling
management to execute with clarity and
discipline, We are confident that Rathbones’
scale, purpose and talented colleagues provide
‘a strong foundation for long-term success.

At the end of what has been a very busy and
pivotal year for Rathbones, | wish to thank all of
‘our colleagues across the firm forall their hard
‘work and commitment to the group's success.

Clive C RBannister
Choir
26 February 2026

(cJGTO)

(08 Rathbones Group Ple Report & Accounts 2025

Group Chief Executive Officer’s review

Jonathan Sorrell Group CEO

Unlocking our
full potential

Building on our strengths Leadership and purpose

Ourtrusted client We aim to build trust with
relationships provide a stakeholders, becoming a
resilient foundation and recognised force for good.

a source of future growth.

2025inreview
Its privilege to lead Rathbones as we begin
‘anew chapter in our evolution, one defined

by clarity and consistency of purpose, and the
‘opportunity to unlock the full potential of the
business we have built. Since joining, |have
seen first-hand the distinctive strengths that
set Rathbones apart: the quality of our people,
the depth of our client relationships, and our
commitment to long-term value creation.
These strengths, together with our position

as the UK's largest discretionary wealth
manager, provide a strong foundation for

the futur

[want to begin by expressing my sincere thanks
to.all colleagues across Rathbones for their
exceptional hard work and professionalism
through the integration of Investec Wealth &
Investment (Wa). The way our teams have
‘come together while maintaining unwavering
focus on clients has been truly outstanding. The
integration has created a stronger organisation
with a clear purpose: ‘to help more people
invest their money well, so they can live well.’
In pursuit of this purpose, our vision is to be

‘the best wealth manager in the UK, by far’
‘and we have aligned our strategy accordingly.
would also like to extend my thanks to Investec
for their partnership throughout this process.

‘As a mojor shareholder in Rathbones following
the transaction, Investec has continued to

be a constructive and supportive partner.

ur collaboration has been grounded ina
shared ambition to build a business with greater
long-term competitive advantages for clients.
lam excited by the opportunities we can
capture together as key strategic partners.
Despite a challenging and uncertain economic
backdrop in the UK, we remain focused on

the factors within our control: enhancing

client engagement, looking after our talent,
simplifying our operations, creating a more
‘commercially effective business, and
strengthening our brand.

covert men Frocttowmems ——tatwiomaion — OO)

The opportunities ahead of us
are significant, and we have
the scale, expertise and
ambition to capture them.

Jonathan Sorell Group CEO.

Structural trends such as demographic change,
intergenerational wealth transfer, and low
investment porticipation in the UK continue

to create a substantial long-term opportunity.

Financial review

Rathbones delivered a resilient financial
performance in 2026, reflecting both the
inherent strength of our diversified business and
the successful integration of IW&il Despite a
difficult frst half for markets, FUMA increased
5.9% to £115. billion by year-end. Synergy
delivery exceeded expectations, contributing
£76 milion on an annualised run-rate basis,
significantly above our £60 milion target and
supporting growth in underlying profitability.
Statutory profit before tax rose 53.5% to

£152.9 milion, benefiting not only from these
synergies but also from a sharp reduction in
integration costs, while underlying profit before
tox rose 4.6% to £238. million.

We maintained strong copital discipline
throughout the year, commencing our first ever
share buyback of £50 milion. This provides o
solid foundation as we move into 2026, enabling
Us to invest with confidence in our operating
platform, our people and our client proposition
With the integration behind us and further
efficiency gains already identified, we are well
positioned to deliver strong long-term value
forclients and shareholders.

07 _Rathbones Group Ple Report & Accounts 2025

Group Chief Executive Officer's review

\
Building on our strengths

,Rathbones is a business with momentum.

‘Our trusted client relationships provide a resilient
foundation and a source of future growth. They
‘enable us to deepen engagement, support clients
cross more aspects of their financial lives, and
benefit from strong advocacy through referrals,
‘which continue to be our most significant source
‘of new business. Our enhanced scale strengthens

“our ability to invest in areas that differentiate us
‘and build competitive advantage, from our

‘investment process and client proposition to

' our people and our technology.

"As part of my review of our senior leadership team,

| have made a number of new appointments to

| support the next phase of our growth. This builds

| on the earlier establishment of the CEO of
Wealth role following the retirement of Rupert

Baron, and the appointment of Camilla Stowell,

who joined Rathbones in June 2025.

|, Iwant to extend my sincere thanks to Andy Brodie

"and Gaynor Gillespie, who are leaving Rathbones
to pursue new opportunities, and to Sarah Owen-
Jones and Tony Overy, who are retiring after
long and successful careers as Chief Risk Officer
‘and Head of Financial Planning. Each has
made an enormous contribution to Rathbones,
‘and | am deeply grateful for their leadership
‘and commitment. | am also pleased to welcome
Brad Novak into the newly created role of Chief
Technology Officer, Cassandra Wiliams as Chief
Risk Officer, Gillian van Maaren as Chief People
Officer, Mike Turner as Chief Operating Officer
‘and Robert Sears as Chief Investment Officer,
subject to regulatory approval. Their experience
and perspective will help guide us forward and.
we now have a refreshed and energised executive
team with deep expertise and a shared ambition
tolead the industry.

Most importantly, our people continue to
demonstrate commitment and capability, taking
ownership, improving processes, and driving
‘meaningful progress across the organisation.

2026 strategic priorities

Governance report

Our vision to be ‘the best wealth manager in the UK,

by far’ requires Rathbones to be...

The first choice
for clients

World closs investment capability

The first choice
for talent

Agreat culture

‘Advice and solutions honed
for the entire client lifecycle

Motivating incentives

‘Al-powered tools and processes

Dato-led commercial excellence

Proactive, personalised and to make doing business easy
effortiess service experience
r
The most The most
effective operator reputable brand

Relevant and distinctive identity

Simplified operations

Copital efficiency

Demonstrating leadership
and purpose

Efficient amplification
to our core audiences

LY

Financial statements

Further information

(TOTO)

Our vision and strategic priorities

Our vision is clear: To be the best wealth
manager in the UK, by far. Our goals are
for Rathbones to be:

1. The first choice for clients
2. The first choice for talent

3. The most effective operator

‘4.The most reputable brand

Delivering our strategic priorities

Across Rathbones, we have launched
comprehensive programme of initiatives

to support our strategic ambitions. Many of
these actions are already underway and will
continue into 2026 and beyond, reflecting
our commitment to sustained progress and
long-term value creation

1. The first choice for clients

We want every decision at Rathbones to
begin with a single question: how does this
help our client? This principle has been guided
by the time | have spent with clients over the
past six months, giving me direct insight into
what they value and where we can do better.
| have also experienced Rathbones from the
other side, asa client, an investor in RAM'S
funds, and a shareholder. This provides a
personal perspective on both our strengths and
the areas where we must continue to improve.

This client-centric perspective also shapes
a series of targeted initiatives to elevate the
client experience and deliver an exceptional
proposition that combines investment
excellence, comprehensive service, and an
effortiess journey. Ina competitive market,
we know clients have choices, and we are
determined to earn their trust and loyalty.

(08 Rethbones Group Ple Report & Accounts 2025

Group Chief Executive Officer's review

‘Our initiatives focus on three areas:

- Aworld-class investment capability across
Wealth and Asset Management: built on
discipline, judgement and truly active
decision-making. In Wealth, our investment
framework focuses on long-term compounding
through investing in quality businesses at
ottractive valuations, supported by thoughtful
diversification, prudent risk management
‘and dynamic positioning for changing morket
conditions. In Asset Management, small
‘empowered teams make high-conviction
decisions backed by strong institutional
‘oversight and robust risk systems.

= Advice and solutions honed for the
entire client lifecycle: Financial planning
represents a growth opportunity, with current
penetration at 14% of FUM across the group.
Increasing this will help reduce outflows,
deepen relationships and strengthen
continuity through life events and wealth
transfer. By embedding planning more
consistently we can deliver better outcomes
for clients while supporting sustainable
net organic growth.

- Aproactive, personalised and effortless
‘service experience: We ore continuing to build
trusted, longstanding client relationships and
investing in technology that complements,
rather than replaces, our people-first
‘approach. Our evolving hybrid model offers
clients convenient self-service options
alongside personalised advice, supporting
satisfaction, retention, and responsiveness.
to evolving client preferences.

2. The first choice for talent

(Our people are the foundation of our success.
To attract, develop, and retain exceptionally
talented people, we are focused on nurturing:

~ Agreat culture: Our culture, defined by
client commitment, long-term stewardship,
collaboration and care, remains a core
strength. But to support the next phase of
growth, we need to balance these qualities
with greater accountability and sharper
ways of working. This is why we are reinforcing
a culture built on clarity and simplification,
pace and intent, effective collaboration,
‘and stronger advancement, recognition
‘and reward. Equally important is creating an
environment where colleagues are continually
developed, ensuring our most talented
people grow, progress and stay engaged.
‘Akey enabler of this will be the Rathbones
Institute, launching in 2027. The institute will
provide a unified and scalable approach
to professional, technical and leadership
development, helping colleagues build the
skils ond confidence needed to deliver
excellent client outcomes. It will also provide
the structured challenge and career
pathways that high-performing colleagues
expect. By investing in our people in this
structured way, we are creating the
foundations for a culture that empowers
colleagues and accelerates performance,

= Motivating incentives: At the start of 2026
we introduced a new remuneration scheme
for investment managers and financial
planners that is simple, transparent and
formula driven. Italigns reward to the right
behaviours and supports sustainable growth.

Governance report

‘Alongside this, the new Rathbones Growth
Unit Scheme extends incentives to colleagues
in our Enablement functions, providing
share-bosed rewards over three years tied to
improvements in net flows within our Wealth
business and reinforcing shared ownership
‘across the organisation.

Together, these changes create aclear,
consistent and motivating framework that
supports growth and aligns everyone behind
‘ourambition.

Al-powered tools and processes to make
doing business easy: We are focused on
improving the client and employee experience
by embedding Al into the fabric of how we
‘operate. Our clients value human connection:
trusted advice, judgement during volatility,
and support through major life decisions.
Alenhances this and is already embedded
‘across some of the platforms colleagues use
every day. Copilot is now enterprise-wide,
helping teams draft, summarise and analyse
more effectively. In the front office, Al is
improving the efficiency of production of
suitability notes and strengthening advice
oversight. And in our data and client
experience platforms, Al is giving us cleaner
data and faster insight into what clients are
thinking and feeling. The next phase will be
‘about further implementation of Al into core
workflows alongside other tools

By modernising and simplifying our systems
‘and processes, supported by Al-powered
tools, we are creating an environment where
teams can focus on what matters most:
serving clients and growing the business.

Financial statements

Further information

OO®

3. The most effective operator

To deliver sustainable, scalable growth, we are
strengthening the effectiveness and resilience
of our operations through:

~ Data-led commercial excellence: We are
using data much more systematically to
strengthen client outcomes, improve retention
‘ond drive sustainable growth. By analysing
where the strongest opportunities lie, we are
reshaping client-facing teams to improve
productivity and efficiency, providing more
targeted support across the client lifecycle,
‘and increasing introductions to financial
planning. This sharper, insight-ed approach
is helping us convert demand from
both existing and new clients.

We are applying the same discipline to
reducing outflows. Data now gives us a clearer
view of assets at risk and the interventions
most likely to make a difference. This includes
‘expanding financial planning, increasing the
frequency of high-quality client touchpoints,
‘and refining our At Retirement proposition

to better meet client needs. This approach

is already helping us strengthen long-term
relationships and enhance the quality and
consistency of client engagement.

07 Rathbones Grou

Group Chief Executive Officer's review

Simplified operations: As we work toward
streamlining our internal operations, we have
expanded our relationship with Salesforce.

During 2026, we will bring client lifecycle and
relationship management together ona
single platform using Salesforce and Xplan,
replacing existing systems, including
InvestCloud. While previous systems delivered
certain benefits, this unified approach will
deliver greater impact, simplify workflows,
reduce post-integration inefficiencies, and free
up time for investment managers and financial
planners to focus on clients and growth.

We are also moving toa more integrated

‘and efficient operating model. A key

‘example is the consolidation of Greenbank
into the broader Rathbones structure: its
stewardship and sustainability expertise has
been integrated into the Asset Management
segment, while its research team has joined
the central research function. At the same
time, we are streamlining our governance to
enable faster decision-making by significantly
reducing both the number of committees

‘and the number of colleagues required to.
participate in them. These changes will drive
efficiency, while enhancing collaboration

‘and effectiveness across the organisation.

cn

~ Capital efficiency: Our strong balance sheet
‘and capital surplus give us the flexibility to
return excess capital to shareholders while
continuing to invest for long-term growth
1 2025 we launched our first £50 million
share buyback, an important milestone in
‘our evolving capital framework, which was
‘completed on é February 2026. On 27
February 2026, we announced an extension to
that programme of up to £20 milion, subject to
regulatory approval. We are ensuring capital
is deployed where it will generate the highest
returns while supporting a progressive dividend.

To.underpin this, we have strengthened
‘our capital allocation and decision-making
‘approach. Investments are assessed against
clear return thresholds aligned to our strategy
‘and evaluated on both NPV and ROI. We
have streamlined governance to speed up
decisions, increased monitoring to ensure
delivery of expected benefits, and reinforced
‘readiness to pivot when needed. This more
rigorous and transparent framework increases
‘our conviction, reduces decision risk and
ensures copital supports growth where
Rathbones can create the most value.

4. The most reputable brand
Rathbones is a brand with heritage, trust,
‘and substance.

~ Arelevant and distinctive identity:
We are committed to building a brand that
is recognised for consistent, unconflicted
delivery of client outcomes and superior
standards of service. Our modern visual
identity and accessible, trusted content
strengthens approachabilty and ensures
our brand resonates and stands out.

~ Demonstrating leadership and purpose:
Building on our ethical origins and responsible
business heritage, we oim to build trust with
stakeholders, becoming a recognised force
for good through our financial education
and social mobility activities, our responsible
investment thought leadership and our
engagement with policy makers, among others.

~ Efficient amplification to our core audiences:
We are building visibility through an integrated
‘media and digital ecosystem, improving
<discoverabilty, expanding PR and sponsorship
activity, and reinforcing our reputation
through strong social proof, including excellent
Trustpilot ratings and a growing share of
positive media coverage.

Financial statements

Further information

0O©®

Measuring our progress
We have established a clear set of measures to
track progress across clients, talent, operations
‘and brand. These measures capture the quality
of our invest ment performance, the depth of
cour client relationships, the strength of our
culture and employee experience, and the
effectiveness of our operating model. We also
track the impact of our brand and reputation,
together with core financial indicators that
reflect sustainable growth. Taken together,

this balanced and transparent suite of metrics
reinforces accountability and ensures we stay
focused on delivering the outcomes that matter
most for clients, colleagues and shareholders.

Looking chead

We are competing from a position of real
strength in an attractive and growing market.
The opportunities chead of us are significant,
‘and we have the scale, expertise and ambition
to capture them. With an energised leadership
team and talented colleagues across the
‘organisation, !am confident in our abilty to
deliver excellent outcomes for our clients and
for our shareholders.

| would like to again thank all colleagues
‘across Rathbones for their hard work,
dedication and resilience, particularly through
the IW&\ integration. Your commitment has:
been the driving force behind our progress,
‘and it will continue to underpin the success
we build together.

Jonathan Sorrell
Group Chief Executive Officer
26 February 2026