Rathbones

Look forward

Rathbon
Compa ny NO. "10008 403

Facing
the future
responsibly

SE ea | smn

*AASSHINN*

COMPANIES HOUSE

About Rathbones

Rathbones provides individual investment and wealth management services for private clients, charities,
trustees and professional partners. We have been trusted for generations to manage and preserve our clients’

wealth. Our tradition of investing and acting responsibly has been with us from the beginning and continues to
drive us forward. Our ambition is to be recognised as the UK's most responsible wealth manager.

2020 financial highlights

Profit before tax

£43.8m

(2019: £39.7m)

Dividends paid and
proposed per share

72.0p

(2019: 70.0p)

Fora full five-year record, please see page 223

* This measure is considered an alternative performance measure (APM). Please refer to pages 35-36 for more detail on APMS

Underlying profit before tax**

£92.5m

(2019: £88.7m)

Return on
capital employed (ROCE)

5.3%

(2019: 5.7%)

Underlying return on
capital employed (ROCE)*?

13.6%

(2019: 14.2%)

1. Areconcilation between underlying profit before tax and profit before tax is shown on page 35
2. Underlying profit after tax s a percentage of underlying quarterly average equity at each quarter end

Basic earnings per share

49.6p

(2019: 50.3p)

133.3p

(2019: 132.8p)

Underlying earnings per share**

Contents

Strategic report
Business overview
Our purpose
Chairman's statement
Rathbones at a glance
Our business model
Stakeholder engagement (s172)
Chief executive's review
Our investment case
Our market and opportunities
Our strategy
Our strategy in action
Key performance indicators (KPIs)
Financial performance
Segmental review
Financial position
Liquidity and cash flow
Risk management and control
Responsible business report

Governance
Corporate governance report
Group risk committee report
Audit committee report
Nomination committee report
Remuneration committee report
Directors’ report
Statement of directors’
responsibilities in respect
of the report and accounts

76
92
95
100
103
127
130

Financial statements

Independent auditor's report to the
members of Rathbone Brothers Plc

Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

Company financial statements

Notes to the company
financial statements

Further Information
Five-year record
Corporate information
Our offices

132

142
146

203
206

223
223
224

A responsible business

At Rathbones, we have a clear understanding of who we are as a business, supported by a strong ambition for
our future. Our purpose represents our commitment as a business to all of our stakeholders and wider society,
while our ambition provides our long-term goal for the future. Underpinning both of these is our strategy.

Our purpose is
to think, act and
invest responsibly

We deliver on our purpose through
our corporate values:

Our ambition is
to be recognised
as the UK's most
responsible
wealth manager

We are committed to growing and
preserving wealth for our clients.
Read more on page 17

Our purpose
and ambition are
achieved through

a clear strategy

Read more about our strategy
on pages 22-29

rathbones.com

Responsible and entrepreneurial

in creating value

Courageous and resilient
in leading change

Collaborative and empathetic
in dealing with people

Professional and high-performing
inallour actions

Institutional-quality
investments
whole of market

Multi-generational
for clients of today and tomorrow

Relationship-led
tailored and flexible

Partnership

working together to deliver
the best client outcomes

Enriching the client and adviser
proposition and experience

Inspiring our people

Supporting and delivering growth

Operating more efficiently

| Strategic report | Our purpose

We are
committed

to investing
for everyone's
tomorrow.

Our commitment to lead in responsible wealth management stems

from our purpose in society, founded on the values passed down from
generation to generation. Thinking, acting and investing responsibly
guides our actions and drives us to pursue our strategy with consistency
and resilience, year after year. It also keeps us on course as we adapt and
respond to the unprecedented crisis that the world is facing.

We have a fiduciary responsibility to our clients: investing for their long-
term goals. This focus on the long-term enables us to create value for our
clients whilst also making a positive contribution to society. And today, it
is more than ever at the heart of our commitment to invest for everyone's
tomorrow. We believe that our actions add up to what we stand for. As an
example of our commitment to the future, we have built a responsible
business framework, which will enable us to deliver on our initiatives,
including responsible investment agenda, diversity and inclusion,
community investment and reducing our environmental impact.

2 Rathbone Brothers Pie Report and accounts 2020

rathbones.com

In 2020, we have taken a
number of steps to ensure that,
as a business, we are ready to
face the future responsibly:

p.22

In year two of our strategy, we
have continued to enhance our

client proposition with significant
advancement of our digital proposition.

p.52

We have developed a new responsible
business framework, which will
provide the blueprint for driving
long-term, sustainable value for

our broader stakeholders.

p.70

We have undertaken a robust review of
our approach to climate-related financial
risks and are proactively reporting against
the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework.

p.59

We have continued to focus on
addressing our gender and ethnicity
balance and embedding diversity
and inclusion into our day-to-day
working practices.

| Strategic report | Chairman's statement

Chairman's statement

Areview of 2020

2020 was an extraordinary year. Initial optimism in financial
markets was curtailed by the rapid advance of the COVID-19
pandemic and resulting lockdowns, which had a devastating
impact on societies and economies worldwide. Financial markets
crashed initially but then rallied following massive interventions
by central banks and governments resulting in US markets
hitting new highs with technology stocks driving the advance.

The response from Rathbones was speedy and effective. We
established a crisis committee in early March which oversaw a
seamless transition to remote working for the vast majority of
our people and we provided ongoing support to them through
high levels of engagement and a number of wellbeing initiatives.
We also increased communication with our clients to ensure an
enhanced service, including both support and advice. We were
able to take advantage of our first-class strategic asset allocation
and research capabilities to provide our investment managers
with the best strategies and ideas for a hugely volatile market.
As a result, our investment performance was strong across

the group, which serves to reinforce the benefits of active
investment management in turbulent times.

Our strong investment performance helped ensure that,
notwithstanding the significant market volatility during the year,
our funds under management and administration grew by 8.5%

to £547 billion.
- Profit before tax totalled £43,8 million (2019: £39.7 million)
Mark Nicholls reflecting anticipated costs associated with the acquisition of
Chairman Speirs & Jeffrey. Basic earnings per share decreased to 49.6p from
—_ 50.3p in 2019.

Underlying profit before tax totalled £92.5 million (2019: £88.7m),
resulting in an underlying operating margin of 25.3% (2019: 25.5%).
Underlying earnings per share in the period totalled 133.3p

(2019: 132.8p).

In line with our generally progressive dividend policy and
reflecting confidence in the outlook for the business and its
strong capital position, the board is pleased to recommend a final
dividend of 47p per share. This brings the total dividend for the
year to 72p per share, 2.9% ahead of 2019.

Our purpose and culture

As I mentioned in my statement last year, we completed

a firm-wide exercise in 2019 to encapsulate the purpose of
Rathbones. We concluded that our purpose is to think, act and

6 6 invest responsibly. This has been embraced by our employees.

Rathbones has a distinctive client-centric, collaborative and

It has been a huge pleasure and entrepreneurial culture which represents a key strength. A strong

privilege to work with such high-calibre culture is fundamental to our success over the long term and our

colleagues at Rathbones over the last board reporting includes increasingly sophisticated management
information on this.

10 years, and Iam tremendously proud

of what the business has achieved during Environmental, social and governance (ESG)

that time. There is strong momentum ESG continued to grow in importance as the global effects of

building in the business and I have the the pandemic and climate change have become obvious, with a

consequent impact on social inequalities. The pandemic has also

utmost confidence that we are well accelerated interest among our clients in responsible investing.

placed to go from strength to strength. We have long been at the forefront in this area through Rathbone
Greenbank Investments, which has been creating bespoke ethical,

4 Rathbone Brothers Ple Report and accounts 2020

sustainable and impact portfolios for clients for over 20 years.
We are now making good progress towards fully integrating ESG
into our investment process across the group and are developing
market-leading propositions through the specialist funds offered
by Rathbone Unit Trust Management. Our ambition is to be
recognised as the UK's most responsible wealth manager.

We believe it is in our clients’ best interests to ensure that the
companies in which we invest on their behalf adopt best practice
in promoting a constructive ESG agenda. Our highly regarded
stewardship team proactively engages with companies to
discuss ESG issues.

Finally, the board is strongly committed to corporate governance
and firmly believes that a robust governance framework is vital
to the long-term success of the firm and the achievement of its
strategy. We recognise that strong corporate governance is not
just about complying with the UK Corporate Governance code

- itis also about our firm's culture, our behaviours and how we
service our clients. Our corporate governance report can be
found on pages 76-91.

Strategy

As we invest to grow the business organically by deepening

our investment expertise, improving our client service and
proposition, driving productivity and efficiency, and inspiring our
people, we are doing so responsibly by ensuring that all strategic
decisions are taken in the best interests of all our stakeholders.
Our section 172 statement can be found on page 10.

The pandemic has not altered our strategy, rather it has helped
to accelerate our plans in many areas. During the year we
made good progress on digital infrastructure initiatives and
the automation of client administration processes. In addition,
we strengthened our specialist capabilities by growing our
charities team and completing the acquisition of the Barclays
Wealth Court of Protection business. Progressing our digital
transformation agenda will be a key strategic focus in 2021.

Engaging with our people and shareholders
Rathbones is fundamentally a people business. Our key priority
during 2020 was to support the mental health and wellbeing of
our people to ensure that they remained engaged. Our annual
employee engagement survey had an overall engagement
score of 91%, compared to 86% in 2019.

Last year, as our response to the workforce engagement initiative,
Sarah Gentleman and Colin Clark were nominated to be responsible
for gathering feedback from employees and they have continued
their efforts this year with enthusiasm, meeting with a broad
spectrum of employees and reporting back to the board on all
aspects of their discussions.

Rathbones is an equal opportunities employer and it is our policy
to ensure that all job applicants and employees are treated fairly
and on merit. We continue to focus on addressing our gender
and ethnicity balance, improving our insight and awareness

in relation to diversity and inclusion, and reflecting this in

our working practices.

Maintaining a transparent and constructive dialogue with our
shareholders is a very important mechanism for providing useful
feedback to the board. This year I have enjoyed discussions with
shareholders on our strategy, dividend policy and governance

rathbones.com

initiatives. The chair of our remuneration committee also
undertook an extensive shareholder engagement programme
to discuss the proposals for our new executive remuneration
scheme which will be brought to shareholders for approval at
our 2021 Annual General Meeting (AGM).

The board and succession

As I mentioned in my statement last year, I have served as
anon-executive director for over 10 years and as chairman

since May 2011. My tenure therefore exceeds the requirements
outlined in the UK Corporate Governance Code. The board
initiated a process during 2020 for the appointment of my
successor. The search was successful, and Clive Bannister will
succeed me as chairman at the conclusion of the 2021 AGM on

6 May, subject to shareholder and regulatory approval. Clive has
had an extensive career in financial services and will bring a wealth
of strategic, commercial and financial experience to the board.

Jim Pettigrew has also indicated that he will step down at

the 2021 AGM. Jim has made a huge contribution to the board,
both as non-executive director and senior independent director,
and I am particularly grateful for his wise advice. As part of the
board's succession plans, I am pleased that Colin Clark has been
appointed to succeed Jim as senior independent director, subject
to regulatory approval.

In addition, as part of our review of board effectiveness and
succession planning, we constantly monitor the breadth and
depth of knowledge, industry experience and diversity within
the board and assess what new skills are necessary to continue
constructive challenge and guidance to the executive team.

Asa result, we have initiated a process to appoint an additional
non-executive director in 2021.

Looking back

Rathbones has enjoyed a remarkably successful year, delivering
aresilient financial performance and making good strategic
Progress in what has been a highly uncertain environment.

On behalf of the board I would like to thank the management
team and staff for their dedication and support during the year.
I would also like to thank our clients and shareholders for their
ongoing commitment to Rathbones.

It has been a pleasure and privilege to work with such high-
calibre colleagues at Rathbones over the last 10 years, andI am
tremendously proud of what the business has achieved during
that time.

Looking ahead

The outlook for 2021 is uncertain and we can expect continuing
volatility. Although the ebbs and flows in the struggle to contain
the pandemic are likely to be the dominant factor throughout
the year, the global geopolitical landscape remains as uncertain
as ever and the real implications of Brexit have yet to emerge.
That said, Rathbones is well-positioned with a strong balance
sheet and the right strategy in place. There is strong momentum
building in the business and I have the utmost confidence that
we are well-placed to go from strength to strength.

Mark Nicholls
Chairman

3 March 2021 5

HD strategicreport | Ataglance
Rathbones at a glance

Where we operate Key highlights
15 1,588 £54.7bn
UK locations’ and Jersey employees managed by us for our clients

FTSE 250

company listed on the London Stock Exchange

Size of
Investment
Management
relationship
value

Investment
Management
client account
type by value

Total Funds
£9,820m

1. Includes Vision Independent Financial Planning
2. Our Luxembourg-based feeder funds were converted to directly invested funds in preparation for the potential loss of Undertakings for the Collective Investment in Transferable
Securities (UCITS) status post Brexit

6 Rathbone Brothers Plc Report and accounts 2020

What we do

Our purpose, which is to think, act and invest responsibly,

is delivered through our corporate values - responsible and
entrepreneurial in creating value, collaborative and empathetic
in dealing with people, courageous and resilient in leading
change, professional and high-performing in all our actions.

Investment management
Through Rathbone Investment Management, we provide

- investment management solutions to a range of private clients,
charities, trustees and professional partners. Clients of this
service can expect a tailored investment strategy that meets
individual objectives backed by an investment process that
aims to provide risk-adjusted retums to meet clients’ needs
today and in the future.

Within Investment Management, we have several
specialist capabilities including:

Charities and not-for-profit organisations

We manage £6.5 billion of non-profit funds and are the fourth-
largest charity investment manager in the UK. The team is
diverse, in both its expertise and experience, and aims to deliver
suitably tailored investment portfolios to meet the specific needs
of clients and trustees.

Rathbone Greenbank Investments

As one of the pioneers in the field of ethically focused
investments, we manage over £1.9 billion in ethical and socially
responsible investment portfolios. The team is highly proactive,
engaging directly with companies and government to improve
business practices.

Personal injury and court of protection

Our specialist team works closely with deputies, trustees and
families, seeking to provide a consistent and rigorous investment
process sympathetic to individual circumstances.

Rathbone Investment Management International

Based in Jersey, we cater for the investment needs of individuals
and families, charities and professional advisers who are looking
for offshore investment management.

Funds

Rathbone Unit Trust Management is a UK active fund manager
with £9.8 billion under management, providing a range of
specialist and multi-asset funds that are designed to meet core
investment needs in the retail client market. These funds are
distributed primarily through financial advisers in the UK.

Our funds can also be accessed by international clients through our
Rathbone Luxembourg Funds SICAV (Société d'Investissement 4
Capital Variable) which allows access to a similar range of actively
managed funds.

1. Allcomplementary services are reported as part of our Investment Management segment

rathbones.com

Complementary services'

Rathbone Financial Planning

Our in-house financial planning team provides whole-of-market
advice to clients. The planners work closely with investment
managers to help clients create a bespoke financial plan. We have
long-standing experience and can act on a one-off basis or as part
of an ongoing service.

Unitised Portfolio Service

Using Rathbone Multi-Asset Portfolio funds, we offer clients
with investible assets of £25,000 or more our model-based
discretionary investment management service. This is designed
for clients who do not require a fully bespoke investment
solution, but still want access to an investment manager to
ensure investment needs are selected and monitored to suit
their individual circumstances.

Managed Portfolio Service

Asimple and straightforward execution-only investment service
which gives clients with £15,000 or more the ability to access
high-quality investments. The service is delivered via an adviser
at a price that reflects the competitive nature of our sector, but
toa standard that clients have come to expect from Rathbones.

Rathbone Select Portfolio

An attractive and cost-effective investment solution for clients
with £15,000 or more to invest for at least three years. Providing
access to the Rathbone Multi-Asset Portfolio funds on a self-
select basis, this service is designed for clients who are
comfortable choosing an investment strategy to meet

their investment objectives and risk profile.

Banking and loan services

We offer loans to our existing clients secured against their
investment portfolios and, in some cases, other assets. As a
licensed deposit taker, we are also able to offer our clients a
tange of banking services including currency and payment
services, and fixed interest term deposits.

We also provide services through these entities:

Rathbone Trust Company
Provides UK trust and specialist legal, estate and tax advice to
larger clients.

Vision Independent Financial Planning

An independent IFA network providing financial advisory
solutions to UK private clients. Acquired in 2015, it has
grown from £845 million of assets on its discretionary
fund management panel and 81 advisers to £2.2 billion
and 131 independent financial advisers.

i Strategic report | Our business model
What we do... How we doit...
We are a leading provider of individual Working flexibl
investment and wealth management forking flexibly
ices fi : li re with clients
services for private clients, charities, dadvi
trustees and professional partners. and advisers
Our ambition is to be recognised as the Link torelevant
UK's most responsible wealth manager. investment
We have two main areas of operation as well as several
complementary services:
Rathbone Investment Management
— offers personal discretionary investment management solutions An inform e d
Rathbone Unit Trust Management investment
~ provides single-strategy and multi-asset fund products
process
Complementary services including:
~ Financial planning Link to deep
— Unitised Portfolio Service expertise
— Managed Portfolio Service
— Rathbone Select Portfolio
— Banking and loan services
— UK trust, legal, estate and tax advice
— Vision Independent Financial Plannings Supported by
in-house
; operations
What makes us different...
Link toowned
Asound investment case infrastructure
~ Relevant investment solutions
— Deep expertise Pa
~ Owned infrastructure Individual
— Trusted relationships rel; ationships
Scale and expertise with clients
— Anestablished and trusted brand with local presence -
~ Individual relationships with clients and advisers and advisers
— Our client digital portal, MyRathbones, and our mobile app
will complement our face-to-face service Link to trusted
. telationships
Independent ownership
— Listed on the London Stock Exchange and a constituent
of the FTSE 250 Read more about our
— High standards of corporate governance investment case on page 17
8 Rathbone Brothers Pic Report and accounts 2020

— Clients have the option to join Rathbones either directly
or through their own financial intermediary

— Our dedicated intermediary sales team provide Rathbone
Group services and products to UK and International
financial advisers, including from full bespoke discretionary

services to fund based solutions

— Direct client and adviser referrals remain the most

important source of organic growth

— Our Vision Independent Financial Planning business
operates independently but maintains a close relationship

with Rathbone Investment Management

— Rathbone Financial Planning provides whole-of-market
advice to clients, working closely with investment managers

to create bespoke financial plans

~ We have a bespoke approach to portfolio construction

supported by a central research team

— Our firm-wide processes allow us to pool intellectual
capital and provide strategic asset allocation methodologies

— We operate a range of specialist mandates, including
specialist investment teams who provide services to
charities, ethical investors and Court of Protection clients

— Our internal quality assurance and performance

measurement capabilities provide a sound
control framework

— We have dedicated in-house custody and
settlement services
— Our operations team is highly experienced

— We outsource selected services, where this is cost-effective,

to reliable and carefully chosen partners

— Our service is delivered directly through investment

managers who make portfolio decisions

— Our aim is to build lasting and trusted relationships

— We access investments across the whole market, with.
no bias towards in-house funds, but have a suite of
fund solutions through Rathbone Unit Trust
Management for clients who do not require a fully

bespoke investment service
— Our Jersey office can cater for offshore
investment needs

— Our upgraded client digital portal, MyRathbones,

will complement our face-to-face service

rathbones.com

To create long-term value...

For investors

— Leading operating margin compared
to industry peers

— Successful acquisition capability of
people and firms that fit our culture

Dividends per share in 2020

72p

For clients

— Active management of portfolios
through changing market conditions

— Avalued and quality service that
builds trust

— Specialist mandate capabilities

— High-quality adviser services

Number of clients

61,000

For employees

— Empowered to make individual
investment decisions

~ Performance-based remuneration

— Investment in training, support
and development

— Share ownership

— Low staff turnover

Employee survey engagement score

91%

| Strategic report i}

Stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder engagement

Section 172 statement

Our board promotes the
success of the firm for the
benefit of our members
as well as a broad range
of stakeholders that we
recognise are material to
the long-term future of
our business.

In doing so our board has regard
(amongst other matters) to the:

— likely consequences of any
decisions in the long term

— interests of our people

~ need to foster the company's
business relationships with
suppliers, customers and
other key stakeholders

— impact of the company’s
operations on communities
and the environment

— desirability of the company
maintaining a reputation
for high standards of
business conduct

— need to act fairly as between
members of the company.

We have detailed in the adjacent

table how the board have ensured

effective engagement with our

key stakeholders during the year.

Clients
Link to enriching the client and adviser proposition and experience strategic priority

Why they are important to our business

Clients are the central focus of our business. The firm's ongoing success is built upon an
ability to understand clients’ needs and respond with bespoke solutions. This allows us
to anticipate how these needs will evolve and to provide portfolios and services that
meet their financial goals and build their future prosperity.

How the firm engaged
We engaged with our clients through a variety of channels including:

— regular meetings were held with investment managers and financial planners

— implemented video technology to enable virtual engagement with clients

— virtual conferences held for private clients, intermediaries and IFAs

— extemal client surveys

— regular CEO letter issued to clients to update them on the firm and the impact
of COVID-19.

How the firm responded

— Implemented even tighter monitoring of portfolio investment performance and
processes to ensure it is executed within client risk appetites

— financial awareness courses for all generations held in person and virtually

— development of new products and services to meet current and future client needs

— assessed how the firm can improve client-service-based on net promoter scores from
client surveys.

Measuring our engagement
Client Experience (CX) survey 2020:

Overall Team Client
satisfaction satisfaction centricity
Overall satisfaction with Overall satisfaction with Belief that firm operates in
firm (0-10) wider team (0-10) the client's best interests

* Aan UK CX Syndicated Benchmark 2020

NN

Rathbone Brothers Ple Report and accounts 2020