RATHBONES GROUP PLC

Company Number: 01000403

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022

SECURING
FUTURE =

MOMENTUM

3SNOH S3INVEWOO

ABOUT RATHBONES

Rathbones provides individual investment and wealth management
services for private clients, charities, trustees and professional
partners. We have been trusted for generations to manage and
preserve our clients’ wealth. Our tradition of thinking, acting and
investing for everyone's tomorrow has been with us from the
beginning and continues to drive us forward.

£64.1M 83.6P £97.1M

(2021: £95.0m) 20 (2021: £120.7%)
Profit before tax Basic earnings per share Underlying profit
betore tax
10,

130.8P 84P 7.7%
(2021: 172.2P) (2021: 81P) (2021: 13.0%)
Underlying earnings Dividend paid and Return on capital
per share™" proposed per share employed (ROCE)’

T1.8% —tcountewctee

0235
(2021: 16.1%) ps

Underlying return on
capital employed
(ROCE)'?

* This measures considered an alternative performance measure (APM) Please eferto page 39
for mare deta on APM

1, Areconcliation between underlying profit before tax and profit before taxis shown on page 39

2. Underlying profit after tax asa percentage of underlying quarterly average equity a each quarter end

SR/ STRATEGIC REPORT
(Our purpose driven approach

What we do

Where we doit

How we do it

The value we create

Chair's statement

Group chief executive officer's review
Investment case

‘Our market and opportunities

Our strategy

Key performance indicators
Stakeholder engagement

Group chief financial officer's review
Segmental review

Financial position

Liquidity and cash flow

Risk management and control
Principal risks

Responsible businessreview

“Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures summary

Non-financial information statement

wourune

“

18
24
27
36
42
49
83
54

ov

a2

G/ GOVERNANCE
Corporate governance report

Group risk committee report

‘Audit committee report

‘Nomination committee report
Remuneration committee report
‘Annual report on remuneration
Directors’ report

Statement of directors’ responsibilities

FS / FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
Independent auditor's report to the
members of Rathbones Group Ple
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

Company financial statements
Notes tothe company financial
statements

1/ FURTHER INFORMATION

Five-year record
Corporate information
Our offices

84
no
ar

122

126

130

46

“9

151
162

166
27

220

235
235
236

len le tes h

RATHBONES GROUP PLE REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 1

OUR PURPOSE DRIVEN APPROACH

We are a leading provider of individual investment and wealth management services for private clients, charities, trustees and professional partners.

‘At Rathbones we have an understanding of who we are as a business supported by a strong ambition for our future.

OUR PURPOSE

de

culture and values.

‘Risk manageme"®

To think, act and invest for
‘everyone's tomorrow,

@ wearcuives us
‘Our purpose, culture and values
(Our purpose represents our
commitment as a business to all our
‘stakeholders and wider society. It
underpins our strategy. defines our
culture and values and helps to guide
ourbusiness model

> See our purpose, culture and values.
{G105) and our strategy (018)

WHO WE ENGAGE WITH
AND THE VALUE WE
CREATE FOR THEM

Our stakeholders
ur stakeholders are identified

and defined as any group that may
be impacted by what we do and how
we doit

> See stakeholder engagement (p27),

value creation for stakeholders (pS)
‘and our investment case (p14)

WHAT WE DO AND HOW
AND WHERE WE DO IT

(Our strategy and business model
ur strategy is delivered through
our business model, which aims to
ensure positive interactions with
and outcomes for our various
stakeholder groups.

> See our strategy (p18)

and business model (52-5)

OPERATING
RESPONSIBLY

Our operating principles

Our governance, risk management and
responsible business frameworks help
toensure we operate in ways that best
serve our stakeholders.

> See governance (p83), 4
isk management (p54) an¢
responsible business (p67)

lon Le les h

WHAT WE DO

We are a leading provider of individual
investment and wealth management
services for private clients, charities,
trustees and professional partners.

RATHBONES GROUP PLE REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 / 2

RATHBONES HAS A BALANCED BUSINESS MODEL WHICH DELIVERS...

WEALTH MANAGEMENT

Investment Management
Clients ofthis discretionary service can expecta tailored
investment strategy that meets individual objectives
backed by an investment process that aims to provide
risk-adjusted returns to meet clients’ needs today and in
the future, Within investment management, we have
several specialist capabilities including

Charities and not-for-profit organisations

~ Our specialist ethical arm, Rathbone Greenbank
Investments

~ Personal Injury and Court of Protection

~ Rathbone Investment Management International

Financial Planning and Advice
‘Through Rathbone Financial Planning, Saunderson House
Limited and Vision Independent Financial Planning, we
provide financial planning and advisory services. We also
offer UK trust, tax and legal services through the Rathbone
Trust Company.

Complementary services
= Unitised Portfolio Service
= Managed Portfolio Service
= Rathbone Select Portfolio
~ Banking and loan services

‘ASSET MANAGEMENT (FUNDS)

Rathbone Unit Trust Management is a UK active fund
‘manager, providing a range of single strategy funds that
are designed to meet core investment needs in the retail
client market. These funds are distributed primarily
through financial advisers in the UK. Our funds business
also manages a range of multi-asset products that provide
wealth solutions to the UK adviser marker.

(ur funds can also be accessed by international clients
through our Rathbone Luxembourg Funds SICAV2
(Gociété d'investissement a Capital Variable) which allows
access toa similar range of actively managed funds.

len Le Tes I

WHERE WE DO IT

With 15 offices throughout the UK and Jersey,
clients are never far away from high-quality,
personalised wealth management services.

RATHBONES GROUP PLC REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 20222 / $

14 4
ucrocarons 7 D0

40

2,17

EMPLOY}

£60.2BN

MANAGED BY US FOR
‘OUR CLIENTS

FTSE250

COMPANY LISTED ON
‘THE LONDON STOCK
EXCHANGE

1.1 Ineludes Vision Independent Financial Panning

Ion Le Tes I

BUSINESS MODEL CONTINUED

HOW WE DO IT

RATHBONES GROUP

LC REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 / 4

WE PROVIDE CLIENTS AND ADVISERS WITH PRODUCT

AND SERVICE OPTIONALITY

~ Individuals can join Rathbones either directly or through their own financial
intermediary

~ Our dedicated intermediary sales team provides Rathbones'services and
products to UK and international financial advisers, including from full
bespoke discretionary services to fund-based solutions

~ Clients and advisers can singularly access investment management, financial
planning and fund solutions or opt for a combination of services and products
through our team of investment managers, fund managers and financial planners

~ Our Jersey office can cater for offshore investment needs

= We can access investments across the whole market, but we also have a suite
of fund solutions through Rathbone Unit Trust Management for clients who do
not require a fully bespoke investment service.

WE HAVE DIRECT RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR CLIENTS AND

ADVISERS, OFFERED BOTH FACE-TO-FACE AND DIGITALLY

~ Our service is delivered directly through investment managers who make
portfolio decisions to build lasting and trusted relationships

~ Our upgraded client digital porta, MyRathbones, complements our
face-to-face service.

WE HAVE A ROBUST AND COLLABORATIVE

INVESTMENT PROCESS

~ We havea bespoke approach to portfolio construction supported by a central
research team and a growing ESG capability,

~ Our firm-wide processes allow us to pool intellectual capital and provide
strategic asset allocation methodologies

~ We operate a range of specialist mandates, including specialist investment
teams who provide services to charities, ethical investors and Court of
Protection clients

= Our internal quality assurance and performance measurement capabilities,
provide a sound control framework

WE LEVERAGE OUR TECHNOLOGY AND OPERATIONAL.

STRENGTHS THROUGH A MIX OF IN-HOUSE EXPERTISE

AND OUTSOURCING

~ We have dedicated in-house custody and settlement services,

~ We outsource selected services, where this is cost-effective, to reliable and
carefully chosen partners

~ Weare implementing technology solutions to deliver a stronger digital service
tostakeholders and make Rathbones much easier to do business with.

len Ve Tes I

BUSINESS MODEL CONTINUED

THE VALUE WE CREATE

RATHBONES GROUP PLE REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022/5

‘WHAT WE CONSIDER

Clients

ramones “(C

OUR PURPOSE iat

‘Our people
regulators
Thinking, acting
and investing
for everyone’
tomorrow
Society and Shareholders

See more about how our purpose informs our culture on page 105,
‘See more about our stakeholders on page 27,

Our attitude to ur leadership Our attitude
Fisk control Aleadershipteam -‘tochange
‘The appropriate thats effective, Change in tine with
identification, balanced and our strategy is
escalation and engages with elivered and
‘management of risk.“ the business. adopted across

the business

FOR CLIENTS
93.7% ~ Long-term relationships that build trust
of lo = Active management of portfolios through changing
‘market conditions
~ Specialist mandate capabilities.

Retention rate

FOR OUR PEOPLE
9.6% = Share ownership opportunities
Of ~ Empowered to make individual investment decisions
Employee share - Performance-based remuneration
ownership ~ Investment in training and development
~ Low employee turnover.

FOR SHAREHOLDERS

84P ~ Generally progressive dividend policy
~ Successful acquisition capability of people and firms

Dividends per that ft our culture.

share in 2022

FOR SOCIETY AND COMMUNITIES
671 ~ Signatory to Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)
for over 10 years
~ Along history of corporate donations and

engagement
eee ee employee giving.

with companies

FOR PARTNERS AND REGULATORS
69% ~ Regular meetings with regulators to ensure proactive
lo and transparent relationship
~ Interaction with industry bodies to ensure we are
of suppliers completing
ckGrewee engaged with key issues
~ Engagement with our delivery partners and suppliers.

low le les |,

Clive CR Bannister
Chair

A RESILIENT
CULTURE

DEAR SHAREHOLDER

As Tlook back tothe start of 2022, few of us correctly
predicted the full global economic impacts of the
aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, together with
implications ofthe unprovoked war in Ukraine. With UK
inflation at its highest in 40 years (more than double the
rate it was when I wrote this statement last year), the
resulting ‘cost-of living’ crisis has highlighted even more
the importance of the work we do for our clients and all
‘our stakeholders.

In the face of these challenges, the reassurance and advice
that Rathbones has diligently provided our clients has
demonstrated the resilience that is part of our DNA. We
continued to invest to improve the firm’s capabilities and
made strong progress against our strategic ambitions.
Saunderson House is a new and welcome member of our
family, integrating well and improving our advisory
services. [look forward to seeing the continued future
benefits both from this acquisition and from our ongoing
investment in technology.

SHAREHOLDER RETURNS AND DIVIDENDS
Rathbones has a long and successful track record in
‘generating attractive returns for our shareholders. In
2022, Rathbones'total shareholder return (TSR) was 7%
(see page 141), which compares favourably against the
FTSE All Share Index of 0.3%.

RATHBONES GROUP PLEREPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 / 6

‘This isin part a result of our progressive dividend policy,
in place for the last 25 years. When making dividend
decisions, the board considers several factors and aims to
ook beyond temporary market or economic downturns.
Given the strength of our balance sheet, and our
confidence in the long-term future of the business, the
board has recommended a final dividend of 56p per share.
‘This brings the total dividend for the year to 84p per
share, 3.7% ahead of 2021. The dividend will be paid on 9
May 2023, subject to shareholder approval at our 2022
Annual General Meeting on 4 May 2023, for shareholders
who are on the register on 21 April 2023,

2022: 84P

3
8

3 Final dividend ()

a|72

Interim dividend (@)

35]

lon lo les |,

CULTURE

‘The board plays a critical role in setting the firm's strategy.
purpose, business model and culture. Each director
recognises the role we have to play in setting the ‘tone
from the top’: and in monitoring how the firm's culture
and values are lived’. The board has refreshed its culture
‘dashboard which has been simplified to help strengthen
the firm’s culture. Importantly, the culture dashboard is
‘subject to regular review by the board,

‘Through my own engagement with employees and
through our board's workforce engagement programme,
am pleased to see the firm’s strong and distinctive culture
in action. This is evidenced by the continuing
‘commitment on the part of our employees to support our
clients and the broader community. Further information
can be found in the full corporate governance report on
pages 84-109.

RESPONSIBLE INVESTMENT

Rathbones has along history of ethical, sustainable and
impact investment - led by Greenbank - which continues
to receive industry accolades for its purpose and
performance, and which this year celebrated its 25th
Investor Day. A quarter of a century evidences the
‘company's commitment to investing in ethical,
sustainable and impact opportunities for clients.

In 2021, Rathbones announced its intention to bea net
zero emissions business by 2050 or sooner. In 2022, our
near-term targets were validated by the Science-Based
‘Targets initiative. The year saw an increase in our
operational emissions, mainly driven by an increase in
travel as colleagues returned to face-to-face meetings and
‘moving between our offices. In 2023, we will look tomake
reductions in our operational footprint as we welcome
our Saunderson House colleagues to Finsbury Circus, a
‘much more energy efficient building. More information
on our commitment and our near-term targets is set out
(on page 75 of this report.

ur responsible investment committee defines
responsible investing as ‘the purposeful integration of ESG
Considerations into the investment management process.
In 2022, we took this further and incorporated climate
risks into the management of our portfolios. We now
recognise that climate risks can materially affect the
performance of our client's investment holdings over the
longer term. In particular, our updated voting policy
includes clear expectations of how companies will be
assessed on their own net zero strategies.

RATHBONES GROUP PLEREFORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022. / 7

COLLEAGUES

ur colleagues are critical to Rathbones’ success, so

itis imperative that the board instilsa culture that
‘motivates and rewards. We want all Rathbones'
‘employees to have the opportunity to build long-lasting
‘and fulfilling careers. During 2022, we conducted an
employee engagement survey where 82% of employees
responded, Our net promoter score at 39 is well above the
sector average of 22; highlighting the attractiveness of our
employee proposition. Our colleagues possess integrity
and operate in a culture which values personal
responsibility and delivery.

We are incredibly grateful to all our colleagues for their
resilience and diligence in a difficult year. We could not
have achieved sustained growth and good returns for all
other stakeholders without their efforts. The mental and
financial wellbeing of our colleagues is important and
deserves - and receives - our continual focus. The board
continued to improve wellbeing initiatives: including our
employee assistance programme, flexibility in the form of
hybrid working and provided a one-off cost of living
payment to eligible employees.

len Ve Tes I

BOARD COMPOSITION AND SUCCESSION
2022 was a year of change for the board. As planned,
James Dean stepped down at the Annual General Meeting
(AGM) in May, having served nine years on the board,
where he made a huge contribution as a non-executive
director and the chair of the audit committee. As part of
the board's succession plans, lain Cummings succeeded
James as chair of the audit committee

In July, Colin Clark, senior independent director

and non-executive director, stepped down from

the board. Colin joined the board in 2018 and helped
oversee the appointment of a new chair. His extensive
industry knowledge and experience have been much
valued. Iam pleased that Sarah Gentleman. chair of the
‘remuneration committee, assumed the role of senior
independent director.

During the year, the nomination committee spent time to
identify the diversity, sills and experience required by
the board to deliver our strategy and to continue to guide
the executive team appropriately.

‘We currently meet the Hampton-Alexander requirement
for at least one third of the board to be female and the
Parker Review recommendation that all boards should
have at least one ethnic minority director. While we are
‘content with the progress made in this area, we
acknowledge that there is more to be done to drive greater
diversity - principally of thinking - in our business at both
board and executive level

LOOKING AHEAD
Whilst every year has a strong focus on clients and client
outcomes, tis was particularly true in 2022. We will
continue that work into 2023 and beyond to ensure that
we offer the best service and value for money that we can,
as our business model continues to support our
stakeholders through this period of uncertainty.

Froma strategic perspective, the focus for 2023 remains
todeliver further returns from the acquisition of
‘Saunderson House, to foster sustained organic growth
across the business, at the same time delivering on our
digital transformation agenda, The delivery of these
objectives will allow us to improve operating margins by
the end of 2024

[RATHBONES GROUP PLE REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 /

‘There remain significant opportunities in the private
client wealth management sector in the United Kingdom,
and with a strong balance sheet and professional
colleagues, Rathbones is well placed to take advantage

of the opportunities that lie ahead. Difficult as current
‘markets may appear, Rathbones possesses extraordinary
positional assets - our brand, our people, our
competencies and our clients.

Finally, on behalf of the board, I would like to thank
our clients, shareholders and colleagues for their
commitment to achieving our goals in what has been
a very challenging year.

Clive CR Bannister
Chair

28 February 2023

lon le les I

Paul Stockton
Group Chief Executive Officer

A STRONG AND
ESTABLISHED
BUSINESS

INTRODUCTION AND MARKET OVERVIEW

‘As a market facing business, our performance this year has
inevitably been impacted by the many well chronicled
events of 2022. Clients have observed financial markets
that we have not seen in along time, and alongside many,
ur active orientation towards growth stocks dampened

investment performance over this financial year. Despite

these external market pressures, Rathbones delivered a
resilient financial performance in the year, benefiting from
a diversified business model that meets client needs no
‘matter what market conditions we face.

‘The UK wealth and asset management sector remains
fundamentally attractive with embedded structural
growth underpinned by strong long-term trends, The
progress we have made this year, in terms of growing

‘our financial planning offering and taking strides to
continually improve our customer experience, positions
us well despite short-term market fluctuations. Our model
responds positively in times lke these by providing
reassurance and consistency to our clients and supporting,
high client retention rates of 93.7%.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND.
FUND FLOWS:

‘Market movements in investment values to 31 December
2022 adversely impacted total funds under management
and administration (FUMA), which closed the year at

£60.2 billion, down from £68.2 billion in the same

period last year. This comprised £45. billion in our
Investment Management business (FY 2021: £50.3 billion),
£11 Obillion in Rathbones Funds business (FY 2021.

£13, billion) and £4.1 billion in Saunderson House

(FY 2021: £4.9 billion),

Profit before tax totalled £64.1 million (2021: £95.0 million)
and underlying profit before tax totalled £971 million
(2021:£120.7 million). This resulted in an underiying
‘operating profit margin of 21.3% (2021: 27.7%) (see page
24), which was in line with expectations after planned
investment in change and technology. Further information
(on our financial performance can be found on pages 49-52.

‘Markets were heavily driven by macroeconomic themes
{in the year, which changed rapidly and were often difficult
tonavigate for long-term investors. Investment
performance in our investment management business
reflected this volatility and fell 11.3%, much more in line
with the MSCI PIMFA Private Investor Balanced Index
‘which fell 10.2% in the year. a favourable outcome against
the FTSE 250, which was down 19.7%,

Despite the challenging market, net inflows in the period
have been positive, highlighting the attractiveness of our
propositions and our clients’ willingness to invest. Total
discretionary and managed net inflows were £13 billion
in 2022 (2021: £1.8 billion), representing a growth rate
of 2.6%. External inflows of £0.4 billion into our risk
targeted multi-asset fund range (a central part of our
managed offering to the adviser market) were resilient

in the period (2021: £0.5 billion) This fund range also
underpins our offering for those clients wishing to invest.
smaller values.

lon lo les |, owove rovers norecomest

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW CONTINUED

‘As expected, the asset management industry experienced
significant outflows in the year as investors exercised
‘caution actoss growth and fixed income mandates
Nevertheless, anet outflow of £0.4 billion in our single-
strategy fund range was low when compared with the
market, Rathbones was also ranked in 8th position for
total net sales in the UK in the most recent Pridham
Report (2021: Sth position).

STRATEGIC UPDATE.

Our strategy is driven by four pillars: enriching the client
and adviser proposition and experience, supporting and
delivering growth, inspiring our people, and operating
more efficiently. Our focus on delivering against this
strategy has driven positive changes within the business
during the year, with the main highlights outlined
throughout this report.

‘Aside from using technology to improve how our clients
access portfolio information and interact with us, our
proposition focus in 2022 was to streamline the way in
‘which we work with extemal financial advisers and
networks directly. In May 2022 we launched a revised
‘Reliance on Adviser’ proposition which improved
administrative processes and simplified our overall
operating model to make Rathbones easier to do business
‘with, As the new proposition removes duplication of
documentation and simplifies client onboarding, this
provides benefits for both investment managers and
advisers to foster stronger relationships and support
growth, Since launch, the proposition has been well
received by existing advisers and introduced 40 new IFA
relationships to Rathbones.

‘The Defagto discretionary fund manager satisfaction
study (published February 2022) is based on feedback
from adviser firms that have outsourced their client
investment assets to third-party discretionary managers.
‘The study received nearly 300 responses and measured
‘which DFMs were being recommended and how satisfied
the advisers were with their preferred DFM providers. The
study showed that bespoke services ae still the most
popular form of DFM with 65% of advisers opting for this
service, Rathbones, among some peers, received most
nominations as a preferred provider from advisers for
bespoke DFM which rewards our continued investment in
this area At 31 December 2022, the amount of adviser
linked FUMA across Rathbones was £10.7 billion (31
December 2021: £11.4 billion)

‘The acquisition of Saunderson House in 2021 was an
important step to add financial advice capability to the
group. In June 2022 we launched new advice and
investment propositions that brought together the best of
Saunderson House and Rathbones, delivering stronger
discretionary services together with wealth planning and
ongoing advice and point in time advice services, We
begin 2023 with one leadership team across Saunderson
House and Rathbone Financial Planning with the division
now comprising 303 people in total, in seven offices and
with 72 financial planners. We now have a sizeable UK
market presence that is working more effectively in target
segments and across the group. During 2023, the focus
will be on transitioning Saunderson House clients to new
propositions to support the benefits that were highlighted
at the time of acquisition. Other work to integrate support
teams into Rathbones has been largely completed,
creating a vibrant combined culture that has offered many
‘employees the opportunity to work across a wider group.

Despite volatile markets since the acquisition, the
accretion of ¢ 10% and a return on invested capital of
12% by the end of 2024 remains our target.

Vision remains an important part of our financial advice
proposition as an independent specialist financial advice
network focusing on high-net-worth private clients, In
2022, FUMA in Vision was £2.6 billion at 31 December
2022 (2021: £2.7 billion) with 131 financial planners
(2021: 131), including 15 new IFAs and another 9 going
through the onboarding process. We anticipate further
recruitment in Vision in 2023 as the business continues
to grow and leverage its strong relationship with the
Rathbones Group.

During the year, we developed the Rathbone Select
Portfolio Service" further. The aim of this service is
todelivera high-quality, 'self-select investment service
for smaller value portfolios. It provides cost effective
solutions for our clients with portfolios below £150k,
recognising the importance of an entry point to
Rathbones to suit the needs of the next generation of
‘wealth. Following a successful pilot in 2022 Rathbone
Select Portfolio Service has been rolled out to all offices,
‘now serving ¢3,000 clients, In 2023, we will continue
to offer the service toclients with less to invest, adding
capacity by delivering adiversified and economical
solution for clients.