Shaping
our future

Report and accounts 2021

| wun

COMPANIES HOUSE

About Rathbones

Rathbones provides individual investment

and wealth management services for private
clients, charities, trustees and professional
partners. We have been trusted for generations

to manage and preserve our clients’ wealth.

Our tradition of investing and acting responsibly
has been with us from the beginning and continues
to drive us forward. Our ambition is to be recognised
as the UK's most responsible wealth manager.

Profit before tax Basic earnings per share
£95.0mM 133.5p
(2020: £43.8m) (2020: 49.6p)
Underlying profit before tax** Underlying earnings per share*?
£120.7m 172.2p
(2020: £92.5m) (2020: 133.3p)
Dividends paid and Return on
proposed per share capital employed (ROCE)

%
81p 13.0%
(2020:72:0p) (2020: 5.3%)
Underlying return on Fora full five-year record,
capital employed (ROCE)** please see page 215

16.1%

(2020: 13.6%)

* This measure s considered an alternalne performance measure (APM) Please refer
to page 34 for more detal on APMS

1 Areconciiauan between underlying profit before tax and profit before taxis shown
cnpage 34

2 Underlying profit after tax as a percentage of underlying quarterly average equty at
each quarter end

Contents

Strategic report
Shaping our future 1
Our purpose 2
‘responsible business 3
Chair's statement 4
Rathbones at a glance 6
Our investment case 7
‘Our business model 8
Stakeholder engagement 10
Group chief executive's review 18
‘Our market and opportunities 23
Our strategy 24
Key performance indicators 26
Financial performance 29
Segmentalreview 36
Financial positon 42
Liquidity and cash flow 45
Risk management and control 46
Responsible business review 54
Governance

Corporate governance report 66
Group risk committee report 86
Audit committee report 90
Nomination committee report 95
Remuneration committee report 99
Annual report on remuneration 102
Directors’ report 2
Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect 15
of the report and accounts

Financial statements

independent auditor's report to the members of 7
Rathbones Group Plc

Consolidated financial statements 130
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 34
Cornpany financial statements 193
Notes to the company financial statements, 196
Further information

Five-year record aS
Corporate information a5
Our offices 26

Shaping
our future

Rathbones’ future success is founded on our
commitment to deliver a personal service that
brings an empathy and reassurance that builds
trust with clients and advisers.

We are committed to a responsible business
agenda that reflects our brand values and
resonates strongly with stakeholders and
the next generation holders of wealth.

Our approach aims to blend a human and digital
experience, ensuring that it operates seamlessly
across Rathbones, improving the quality of our
services as well as our employees’ experience.

Our ambition is to be recognised as the UK’s
most responsible wealth manager and we are
committed to growing and preserving wealth for
our clients.

Evolving our digital solutions 16

Enriching our proposition

Enabling our people

22

28

Strategic report )

Our purpose

ommitted.

TO INVESTING FOR
EVERYONE'S TOMORROW

It is our responsibility to invest and advise for everyone's
tomorrow. This means keeping the future in mind when we
make decisions today. Looking beyond the short term for the
most sustainable outcome.

Our focus on the long term enables us to build enduring value
for our clients, make a wider contribution to society and create

a lasting legacy. We believe that our actions add up to what we
stand for. Our responsible business framework enables us to
deliver on our initiatives, including our responsible investment
agenda, diversity, equality and inclusion, community investment
and reducing our environmental impact.

More information can be found on pages 54-64

2 Rathbones Group Plc Report and accounts 2021

Our
purpose

Our
ambition

Read more
on page 1

Our
strategy

Read moreon
pages 24-25

Operating
responsibly

Read more
on pages 54-64

Our
stakeholders

Our key
performance
indicators

Remuneration

A responsible business

At Rathbones, we have a clear understanding of who we are as a business, supported by a strong
ambition for our future. Our purpose represents our commitment as a business to all of our
stakeholders and wider society, while our ambition provides our long-term goal for the future.
Underpinning both of these is our strategy.

Our purpose is to think, act and invest responsibly.

We deliver on our purpose through our corporate values:

Responsible and Courageous Collaborative Professional and
entrepreneurial and resilient and empathetic high-performing
in creating value in leading change in dealing with people inallour actions

Our ambition is to be recognised as the UK's most responsible wealth
manager. We are committed to growing and preserving wealth for our clients.

High-quality investment & advice Relationship-led

access to whole of market tailored and flexible advice

Multi-generational Partnership philosophy

for clients of today and tomorrow working together to deliver the best client outcomes

Our purpose and ambition are achieved through a clear strategy

Enriching the Supporting and Inspiring our Operating
client and adviser delivering growth people more efficiently

proposition and
experience

Delivered through the four pillars of our responsible business programme

~ Responsible 909 Our fs Society and Our
[ investment people GER) communities ) environmental

impact

Engaging with our stakeholders
Read more on pages 10-15

How we measure progress
Read more on pages 26-27

Read more on pages 99-111 yw,

rathbones.com

Strategic report )

Chair's statement

Chair's statement

Dear Shareholder

In my first year as chair of Rathbones,
Ihave spent time getting to know the
various teams that comprise this special
business, as well as having the pleasure of
speaking to some of our shareholders and
other key stakeholders about Rathbones
and the wider UK wealth market. This
has been informative, and I look forward
tocontinuing this dialogue during 2022
and beyond.

These discussions have confirmed that
the work we do on behalf of our clients
and advisers is of real importance. It is
our responsibility to be good. long-term:
stewards of the £6822 billion of wealth
entrusted to Rathbones. Our commitment
tobea leader in responsible business
stems from our sense of purpose to
society. It is woven throughout our
business strategy, and embedded in our
day-to-day decision-making, This focus
on the long term is how we will not only
create value for our clients, but also make
a wider contribution to the society where
we live

2021 was a year of good progress as we
delivered against our strategic ambitions
We generated very strong financial results
and took another major step forward in
the expansion of our financial planning
proposition with the acquisition of
Saunderson House. The board
reviewed the merits of the transaction
and concluded that Saunderson House
would accelerate group growth and enable
us to reach new clients across the wealth
sector. The acquisition brings £4.9 billion of
FUMA (at 31 December 2021) and reinforces
. Rathbones' position as one of the largest
Clive CR Bannister . independent UK wealth managers. Their
Chair 51 financial planners will strengthen our
existing financial planning capabilities
and enhance the wider wealth proposition
we provide to our existing clients.
The transaction is earnings accretive,
underpinned by revenue and cost
synergies, with a target return on invested
capital of approximately 12% by the end
of 2024.

4 Rathbones Group Plc Report and accounts 2021,

Dividend

In line with a progressive dividend policy
of over 25 years, positive financial results
and a strong capital position, the board has
recommended a final dividend of sap per
share. This brings the total dividend for the
year to 8ip per share, 12.5% ahead of 2020.

Environmental, social and
governance (ESG)

Rathbones has long been at the forefront
of responsible investing through Rathbone
Greenbank Investments who have created
bespoke, ethical, and sustainable portfolios
for our clients for over 20 years. Our
approach to responsible investment

was recognised by the FT & Investors’
Chronicle Investment Awards 2021,

where Rathbones was named ESG
Champion of the Year, and ESG

Champion for Governance. We intend to
further integrate ESG into our investment
processes across the Group. including the
launch of four new Rathbone Greenbank
Multi-Asset Funds announced earlier

this year.

In keeping with our ESG responsibilities,
Tam delighted that Rathbones is committed
toachieving net zero emissions by 2050 or
earlier, More information on our commitment
and our near-term targets is set out on
page 59 of this report.

Outside of our own group, we have always
recognised the importance of maintaining
a dialogue with the companies in which
we invest, and remain eager to help them
towards better, more sustainable long-term
performance. Our highly regarded stewardship
team directly engaged with 705 companies
in 2021 todiscuss ESG issues. More information
on our progress can be found in our
responsible business review on pages 54-64.

The board is conscious that good governance
is not simply a matter of regulatory compliance
butencompasses the firm's culture, behaviours
and how we serve our clients. We recognise
the crucial link between culture. governance
and leadership. As a result, the board
closely monitors and analyses the firm's
culture. This is supported by my own
engagement with employees and our
workforce engagement programme.

Itis gratifying to see the firm's strong

and distinctive culture in action. This is
evident by the way our employees work to
provide positive outcomes for our clients
and partners. Further information can be
found in the full corporate governance
report on pages 66-85.

During the year the board held strategy
days with the group executive team

to focus on strategic issues including
emerging trends, client needs and their
future expectations. Commitment to
fulfilling client needs remains paramount.
supported by a digital approach to enhance
that interaction. Our new portal and app.
MyRathbones, was launched in 2021 and
during 2022, we will continue our digital
investment through the roll out of a more
seamless, personalised, and interactive
experience resulting in reduced
documentation for clients and advisers.

Board composition and succession

This has been a year of change for the
board. Isucceeded Mark Nicholls as

chair at the AGM in May 2021. Mark's
decade of commitment to Rathbones and
his competence as chair were very clear
and we wish him well in his retirement

Jim Pettigrew also retired at the AGM in
May 2021. As part of the board's succession
plans, Colin Clark succeeded Jim as our
senior independent director. I thank Jim
for his tireless work over his four years at
Rathbones and am delighted that Colin has
taken on these important responsibilities.

“IT would like to thank our colleagues for their remarkable
resilience, supporting both Rathbones and each other

throughout the pandemic. I am confident that together,
we are building a stronger, better business.”

James Dean has indicated that he will

not seek re-election at the 2022 AGM as

he has served nine years on the board.
James has made a huge contribution to the
board, bothas a non-executive director and
chair of the audit committee. As part of the
board's succession plans, Iam pleased that
Iain Cummings will succeed James as chair
of the audit committee.

As part of our nomination committee review
ofboard effectiveness and succession planning,
‘we monitor the diversity, depth of knowledge
and industry experience within the board;
toassess what new skills are necessary

to continue constructive challenge and
guidance to the executive team. As a result,
in October, we appointed Iain Cummings
and Dharmash Mistry as independent
non-executive directors. Their experience
inindustry within and beyond the financial
sector will be of great value to Rathbones in
the years ahead.

Looking ahead

This has been a very strong financial year
for Rathbones. In 2022 there is a continued
commitment to increase the firm's organic
growth, accelerate the digital transformation
agenda, and successfully integrate
Saunderson House.

Finally, on behalf of the board, | would.
like to thank our colleagues for their
remarkable resilience. They have
supported both Rathbones and each
other throughout the pandemic.

I would also like to thank our clients,
shareholders, and wider stakeholders
for their continued commitment to our
success. 1 am confident that together, we
are building a stronger, better business.

Clive C R Bannister
Chair

23 February 2022

rathbones.com 5

Strategic report )

Ata glance

Rathbones
at a glance

Our purpose, which is to think, act and invest
Tesponsibly, is delivered through our corporate
values - responsible and entrepreneurial in
creating value, collaborative and empathetic

in dealing with people, courageous and resilient
in leading change, professional and high-
performing in all our actions.

6 RathbonesGroup Ple Report and accounts 2021

Wealth Management

Investment Management

Rathbone Investment Management provides
investment management solutions toa range of
private clients, charities, trustees and professional
partners. Clients of this discretionary service can
expect a tailored investment strategy that meets
individual objectives backed by an investment
process that aims to provide risk-adjusted returns
to meet clients’ needs today and in the future.

Within Investment Management, we have several
specialist capabilities including:

— Charities and not-for-profit organisations

— Rathbone Greenbank Investments

— Personal Injury and Court of Protection

— Rathbone Investment Management International

Advice

Through Rathbone Financial Planning Saunderson
House Limited and Vision Independent Financial
Planning, we provide financial planning and advisory
services. We also offer UK trust, tax and legal services
through the Rathbone Trust Company.

Funds

Rathbone Unit Trust Management is a UK active fund
manager, providing a range of single strategy funds
that are designed to meet core investment needs in
the retail client market. These funds are distributed
primarily through financial advisers in the UK.

Our funds business also manages a range of multi-
asset products that provide wealth solutions to the
UK adviser market.

Our funds can also be accessed by international clients
through our Rathbone Luxembourg Funds SICAV?
(Société d'Investissement a Capital Variable)

which allows access to a similar range of actively
managed funds.

Complementary services?

Asa bank, Rathbone Investment Management offers
a loan service to existing clients,

Includes Vision Independent Financial Panning
Our Lizemboure-tased feeder func were converted to directly
invested funclsin preparation forthe potential oss of Undertakings
{or the Collective Investinent in Transferable Securities (UCITS) status
post Brest

3. Alicomplementary services are reported as part of aur investment
Management segment

Our investment case

Astrong track record
in a growing market

Relevant investment solutions

Range of investment,
financial planning and
advisory solutions managing

£68.2bn

Growing ESG capability with over

20

years of experience through
Rathbone Greenbank Investments

4th

largest charity fund
manager in the UK

Deep expertise

Access to over

500

investment managers and
financial planners

Annuity value

Asingle strategy and multi-asset
Funds business managing

£13.0bn

Robust investment skills with
a research team of over

30

individuals

Client retention rate

93%

AUM at time of acquiring.

Long-term client and
family relationships

1. Sources: PAM Directory and Oliver Wyman estimates,

Attractive financials leading to
returns to shareholders

rathbones.com

Strategic report )

Our business model

Creating long-term value

What we do How we doit
We are a leading provider of individual Product and service
investment and wealth management optionality

services for private clients, charities,
trustees and professional partners.

How Rathbones delivers
wealth solutions today

Abalanced business model that delivers...
An informed

Point-in-time investment process

advice/ onner
planning advisory

Wealth

planning

By leveraging capability across the firm through...

Supported by
Blended investment/advice solutions in-house operations

Providing investment optionality, both directly to clients
and indirectly to advisers with access to:

Individual
— Discretionary and managed portfolios relationships with
~ Multhasset funds clients and advisers

— Non-discretionary investment management
— Single-strategy funds
~ Execution-only and banking

8 Rathbones Group Plc Report and accounts 2021

To create long-term value

— Clients have the option to join Rathbones either directly or through
their own financial intermediary

— Our dedicated intermediary sales team provides Rathbones services
and products to UK and International financial advisers, including
from full bespoke discretionary services to fund-based solutions

For investors

— Strong operating margin
compared to industry peers

— Successful acquisition capability

— Direct client and adviser referrals remain the most important source or people and that

of Organic growth 7 : — Progressive dividend policy
— Our Vision Independent Financial Planning business

operates independently but maintains a close relationship with

Rathbone Investment Management Dividends per share in 2021
— Rathbone Financial Planning together with Saunderson House will

provide whole-of-market advice to clients, working closely with 8 1

investment managers to create bespoke financial plans

For clients

— We have a bespoke approach to portfolio construction supported by Active management of

acentral ESG capability ~

central research team and a growing ESG capability portfolios through changing

— Our firm-wide processes allow us to pool intellectual capital and
provide strategic asset allocation methodologies

— We operate a range of specialist mandates, including specialist
investment teams who provide services to charities, ethical investors
and Court of Protection clients

— Our intemal quality assurance and performance measurement
capabilities provide a sound control framework

market conditions
— Avalued and quality service
that builds trust
— Specialist mandate capabilities
— High-quality adviser services

Retention rate
93.3%

— We have dedicated in-house custody and settlement services ° 0
— Our operations team is highly experienced
— We outsource selected services, where this is cost-effective, to reliable

and carefully chosen partners
— We are leveraging technology solutions to deliver a stronger

fiat service to clients and make Rathbones much easier to do For employees

uusiness va ~ Empowered to make individual
ET investment decisions
— Performance-based remuneration

— Our service is delivered directly through investment managers who — Investment in taining support

make portfolio decisions and development
— Our aim is to build lasting and trusted relationships — Share ownership
— We access investments across the whole market, with no bias towards — Low staff turnover

in-house funds, but have a suite of fund solutions through Rathbone

Unit Trust Management for clients who do not require a fully bespoke

investment service Employee share ownership
— Our Jersey office can cater for offshore investment needs 8 6 %
— Our upgraded client digital portal, MyRathbones, complements our . (0)

face-to-face service

rathbones.com 9

Strategic report )

Stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder
engagement

Section 172 statement

Our board promotes the success of the
firm for the benefit of our members as well
as a broad range of stakeholders that we
recognise are material to the long-term
future of our business.

We have a clear understanding of who we
are as a business, supported by our culture
and values. Our purpose represents our
commitment as a business to all of our
stakeholders and wider society. while

our ambition provides our long-term goal
for the future. Our board understands how
important it is to maintain a reputation for
high standards of business conduct. We
consider the long-term consequences

of our decisions, taking into account

the impact on both the communities in
which we operate and our environment.

Input from engagement with stakeholders

People
Engagement helps us attract,
retain and develop our
sustainable pool of talent.

Input into the future
employee model

Approach to stakeholder
engagement

The firm’s stakeholders are our clients, our
people, our shareholders, our communities,
regulators and partners with an interest or
concern in our purpose and strategy. Our
aim is to maintain an open and transparent
approach to stakeholder engagement
based on building constructive
relationships with our key stakeholders
and ensure there is a two-way dialogue.

Across the firm, there are many examples
of stakeholder engagement influencing
both day-to-day and strategics. The key
strategic developments set out on page 70
illustrate some of our significant stakeholder
considerations which informed the board's
decision-making during the year and this
approach is designed to be consistent

with section 172 of the Companies Act and
the overall expectations set by the board.
Details of the framework through which.
this is governed are set out on page 68.

Stakeholder framework

Provide inclusive Deliver
and talented bespoke and
workforce to service relevant

client needs

Our stakeholder relationships

The firm has identified the following key
stakeholder groups and by considering
their perspectives, insights and opinions,
the board seeks to ensure outcomes of
operational, investment or business
decisions that are more robust and
sustainable. In doing so our board has
regard (amongst other matters) to the:

— likely consequences of any decisions in
the long term

— interests of our people

— need to foster the company’s business
relationships with suppliers, customers
and other key stakeholders

— impact of the company’s operations on
communities and the environment

— desirability of the company maintaining
a reputation for high standards of
business conduct

— need to act fairly as between members of
the company.

Rathbones’ outputs from engagement

Clients

Client engagement allows us to
anticipate their needs and to
evolve our proposition to meet
their expectations.

Client insight and feedback on
service, technology and products

"Implemented

Ensure
sustainable and refined
longterm initiatives for
shareholder our responsible
returns ., business agenda

Contribute to
evolving regulatory
requirements

Shareholders

Engagement is designed to
ensure confidence in the long
term success of the firm.

Society and communi
We recognise our responsibility
to wider society and

communities we operate within

Provide insight into the firm's
strategic and investment direction

Obtain specific environmental
and social perspectives

Our partners and regulators

Engagement with regulators and our partners are fundamental
to the running of the firm and servicing of clients.

Provide feedback to ensure ongoing collaboration and anticipate
any regulatory changes

10 RathbonesGroup Plc Report and accounts 2021

Clients &) Measuring our engagement

Link to enriching the client and adviser proposition

How the firm engaged
We engaged with our clients through a variety of channels including

— client satisfaction survey focused on Charity and Greenbank clients

— regular meetings held with investment managers and financial planners

— continued use of video technology to enable virtual engagement
with clients

— virtual and in-person conferences held for private clients,
intermediaries and IFAs

— regular CEO letter and research notes issued to clients to update
them on the firm and our investment proposition

How the firm responded

— financial awareness courses for all generations held in person
and virtually

— development of new products and services to meet current
and future client needs, for example the launch of the Rathbone
Greenbank Multi-Asset Portfolios (RGMAPs) and the pilot of our
Reliance on Adviser programme

— launched and continued development of MyRathbones featuring
enhanced two-factor and biometric authentication and full
availability on smart mobile devices and secure messaging.
MyRathbones has achieved over 40% take up by clients since
launch in the first half of 2021

— introduced digitised event management eg. our financial
awareness programme

— increased electronic delivery of client reporting and implemented
encrypted email technology

— continued to develop our ability to deliver our proposition digitally
(client servicing, thought leadership, events programmes, etc.) in
order to serve clients remotely with careful consideration of the
tisk associated with digital (data protection, fraud, etc.)

Measuring our engagement

In 2021, we undertook a survey which focused on our Charity and
Greenbank Charity clients. The results of this survey (shown on the
right) indicated high levels of client satisfaction. Greenbank results
were comparable:

— overall satisfaction score of 8.92/10

— overall satisfaction with their investment manager 8.97/10

— meeting the client's needs 76%

Feedback from these surveys and our broader client base helped to
enhance our clients’ digital experience through our Client Lifecycle
Management programme including MyRathbones app, client portal
and online reporting.

In 2022, we will undertake the Aon UK client experience survey

Further links to:

Stakeholder interests and engagement
Enriching our proposition

rathbones.com

Strategic report )

Stakeholder engagement continued

People

Link to inspiring our people strategic priority

How the firm engaged
We engaged with our people through the following activities:

— regular colleague opinion surveys to measure engagement,
wellbeing and opinions, eg our approach to hybrid working,
change programme, etc

— ongoing and regular virtual management briefings

— webcast, internal magazine and management blogs

— virtual presentations by the executive team to discuss
performance and the firm's progress on the strategic plan

— workforce engagement sessions held with the NEDs

How the firm responded

— working with the cross industry network Inclusive Companies
to broaden our reach and appeal as part of our commitment
toimprove employee diversity, e.g Rathbones featuring on the
Inclusive Jobs portal and employee access to inclusive webinars

— shared our hybrid working principles see pages 28 and.58

— supported employee wellbeing through the provision of ongoing
physical and mental health support. During the pandemic this
was offered through virtual sessions

— continued to develop and expand Rathbones mentoring
programme

~ inclusive leadership training

~ invested in virtual training and developing our employees

Measuring our engagement

2021 colleague engagement survey:

Financial
Services
2020 2021__Benchmark

Employee response rate 82% 83%

Overall engagement 91% __8.1/10* 7.7110.

Employee Net Promoter Score
(eNPS) 44* 18

* in 202 weusad a new engagement system: this means direct compansons to previous
years w3s not possible,

Further links to:
Responsible business review

Workforce engagement

Enabling our peoole

Culture

Rathbones Group Plc Report and accounts 2021

Measuring our engagement

Shareholders

Link to supporting and delivering growth
strategic priority

How the firm engaged

We engaged with our shareholders through the
following activities:

— executives held regular meetings with our investors
throughout the year

— chair met with the firm's

---

e to regulators

All responses to regulators have been
made in line with the agreed deadline

Further links to:

Stakeholder interests and engagement
Risk management and control
Responsible busness review

Strategic report )

Evolving

OUR DIGITAL SOLUTIONS

Akey focus over the next few years is to ensure that,
as our offering evolves and grows, the Rathbones
experience for our clients, advisers and people
temains efficient and enriching. That is why at
Rathbones, we are focussing on creating a blended
human and digital experience by investing further

in digital technology through our ‘Client Lifecycle
Management’ or ‘CLM' programme. Designed around
the client and the adviser and based on feedback
received from speaking directly with a number of our
clients and advisers, we are aiming to introduce new
digital capabilities across our services and solutions.

The first part of our digital ambitions, partnering
with Objectway, was the launch of ‘MyRathbones’,
our client-facing portal and app, which was launched
in the first half of 2021. Today, c.43% of clients and
advisers are actively using MyRathbones and this
will continue to grow in 2022 as we implement
further improvements and new features through
regular upgrades based on client, adviser and
colleague feedback. It is clear this has begun to
enhance the efficiency and the experience we plan
toachieve for our clients, with:

640,000
logins to the portal and app
72,000
documents downloaded

more than

8,500

secure messages sent between dents
and investment managers

16 RathbonesGroup Plc Report and accounts 2021

MyRathbones is just one of several solutions that will
be rolled-out as part of the CLM programme. Over the
Next two years, we will digitally transform our client
prospecting, onboarding and servicing capability as
well as enhancing our client reporting and further
improving our private client investment management
tools. In addition, we will be providing a new
investment management system to support our
Funds business’ equity, fixed income and multi-asset
portfolio management. These improvements will
make it easier to do business with us and delight
clients along the way. To do this we will partnering
with three key organisations: Objectway, InvestCloud
and Charles River.

In addition, we have delivered improvements to
our technology infrastructure across the firm by
embracing a cloud-based hosting model for several
of our systems and applications. We are also utilising
video capabilities like Microsoft Teams to speak with
clients and operate more efficiently across our many
office locations, supporting hybrid working.

Finally, it is worth highlighting our focus on data
management within the organisation. Over the last
year we have hired a new team of people to focus on
gaining greater insight into our data and leveraging
best in class data capabilities.

Our vision is to build a personalised digital experience
for clients, advisers and colleagues that truly enhances
the value of our services. By embracing modern
digital solutions we will be able to manage the full
private client and adviser lifecycle experience for
clients of Rathbones today, but also for the Rathbones
clients of tomorrow.

“Our vision is to build
a personalised digital
experience for clients,
advisers and colleagues
that truly enhances the
value of our services.”

Andy Brodie
Chief Operating Officer

rathbones.com

Strategic report )

Group chief executive's review

Group chief
executive's review

Introduction

Itis difficult to report on 2021 without
mentioning the pandemic which has
impacted so much. For Rathbones, it
has presented both challenges and
opportunities that have changed the way
in which we have invested and improved
the way in which we deliver services to

, clients. We end the year in a very strong,
position having taken advantage of
‘opportunities to improve client service
quality, deliver strong investment returns,
and build a robust change management
and delivery capability. Our approach to
supporting our employees has focussed on
well-being, thereby improving productivity
and securing a high level of staff
engagement throughout the year.

Asa result, we have made considerable
progress in delivering on a strategic
change agenda that will not only improve
our services, but also build greater affinity
with a wider range of client groups and
make us significantly easier to do business
with. We have succeeded in balancing
cost and revenue growth during this
period, culminating ina very strong year
financially. Total funds under management
and administration (FUMA) grew 24.7%
toreach £682 billion at 31 December 2021
(2020: £54.7 billion), while profit before

tax grew 116.9% to £950 million (2020:
£438 million, Underlying profit before tax
totalled £120.7 million, 30.5% ahead of the

Total FUMA up

Paul Stockton

Group Chef Executive Officer 2 4 . 7 %

Statutory profit before tax up

116.9%

Basic earnings per share up

169.2%

18 Rathbones Group Plc Report and accounts 2021

£925 million reported in 2020. This
resulted in an underlying operating profit
margin of 27.7% (2020: 25.3%). Further
information on our financial performance
can be found on pages 29-45.

After a decade of significant growth, the
Rathbones of today is a business offering
a holistic range of wealth management
and advice services, complemented by a
high-quality fund management business;
our December 2021 announcement

to rename the company to Rathbones
Group Pic reflects this.

Growth and fund flows

By the end of the year and before the
Totation to value we saw in early 2022,
global investment markets largely

looked toa future beyond the pandemic

as key indices recovered well. comparing
favourably to the considerable nervousness
in the period leading up to the end of 2020.
In the year, the FTSE 100 was up 14.3% and
the WMA Balanced Index up 10.3%. This
Telatively strong performance combined
with our own organic and acquired growth
increased FUMA by 24.7% in the year
(2020: 8.6%). Against relevant indices. our
investment performance was also strong,
over one, three and five years.

In 2021 we enhanced our reporting
capability, whi

---

rk. We are committed to
continually improving our employees’
experience at work and will continue to
tun and respond to surveys throughout
the year.

Risk management

Risk management practices are
embedded across the firm and will
continue to develop as we upgrade

tisk management systems and consider
control self-assessment processes in 2022,
We remain conscious of the impact of the
changing risk landscape to our firm and
industry, particularly as the world emerges
from the pandemic. Risks associated with
ESG, including climate change, anti-money
laundering and the potential for further
supply chain risks arising from Brexit

are considered and assessed regularly.

We will also remain diligent to mitigate
tisks in respect of potential cyber threats,
business change, and greater investment
in digital solutions.

Outlook

The business ends 2021 in good health
and is showing strong momentum

having posted strong financial returns and
delivered on some important initiatives in
the year. The post pandemic environment,
together with inflationary and macro-
economic pressures, as well as the current
tensions in Ukraine will continue to be
digested by investment markets, but
Rathbones is in a strong position to
implement critical client lifecycle and
investment systems capabilities in 2022,
secure the delivery of ambitions for
Saunderson House, and explore further
opportunities to drive growth.

Paul Stockton
Group Chief Executive

23 February 2022

rathbones.com a

Strategic report )

Enriching

OUR PROPOSITION

Rathbones is client-led: as our clients’ needs evolve, so too does
our proposition. This way we can continue to offer a holistic
service. In enriching the client and adviser experience, our
strategy has created targeted propositions to both the wealth
management and asset management sectors. Rathbones remains
a high-quality brand and we will continue to invest in our brand
proposition to support the next generation,

In recent years, our proposition has advanced through

~— The acquisition of Saunderson House, the UK's largest
professional services focused financial planner

~ The launch of the Rathbone Greenbank Multi-Asset
Portfolios (RGMAPS), a sustainable investment fund suite
that leverages the expertise of our Rathbone Funds and
Rathbone Greenbank businesses

— Leveraging of the funds capability of the group to offer
considerable choice to direct clients and the intermediary
market, allowing both have access to discretionary and
fund-based solutions that provide optionality

— Deliberate investment in skills and systems to make our
investment process stronger

“Keeping our propositions
relevant and of value
to a wide range of client
preferences has always
been our goal.”

Mike Webb
CEO of Rathbone Funds

2 Rathbones Group Plc Report and accounts 2021

Saunderson House RGMAPs
adds FUMA of have over

£4.9bn £100m

invested in their first year

Rathbones Group now has over

300

investment managers, and over

200

financial planners, serving

66,500

clients

Our market and opportunities

Our market and opportunities

The UK wealth sector is attractive and long-term secular growth opportunities
remain as the industry continues to evolve to deliver returns for a wide range

of clients. Sector assets are estimated to be nearing £2.1 trillion by 2024. As we
begin to emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic, many themes of the market have

amplified, and our response will be critical.

Industry trends

Changing profiles and expectations of clients

What this means for the industry

There is growing demand for holistic advice, new products
and services and digital propositions. Intergenerational
wealth transfer and the changing gender and ethnic profile
of wealth will continue to drive proposition changes.

How Rathbones is responding

~ Provide a wide range of services that caters to differing
investment and financial planning requirements

— Engage with different client groups as well as the
younger generation in preparation for intergenerational
wealth transfer

— Promote our Diversity, Equality & Inclusion agenda
by adding resources and taking part in several
workforce programmes

Demand for technology solutions

What this means for the industry

Clients are becoming more and more accustomed to using
technology to communicate and manage their financial
affairs, particularly following the COVID-19 pandemic.

Keeping pace with this change is fundamental to remaining
competitive and sustaining a quality service, particularly as
inter-generational wealth transfer accelerates and inheritors
have different investment and digital service expectations
than donors.

How Rathbones is responding

— Enhance the digital client experience and provide
seamless multi-channel communication to clients

~ Upgrade client relationship management tools and risk
management processes

~ Invest in systems that will reduce time spent on
administrative tasks

— Enhance the use of data to reduce costs, improve
productivity and enable continual reinvestment

~ Build relationships with the next generation of clients

using relevant technology to facilitate future retention

of investment portfolios

Increased focus on responsible investment

What this means for the industry

‘The role of the industry continues to expand, extending to
broader issues. This wider role is expected to become even
more important in future years as part of the focus on
responsible and sustainable investment. Social and
environmental issues will be more important than

ever before.

How Rathbones is responding

— Broaden our existing ESG proposition and investment
range, ensuring they remain relevant for the clients
of tomorrow

— Maintain dialogue with companies we invest in to
support more sustainable long-term performance

— Commit to achieving net zero emissions by 2050
orearlier

Continued consolidation opportu

What this means for the industry

‘The wealth management sector remains highly fragmented
and benefits of scale remain strong both in terms of operating
leverage and service diversification. There remains along
tail of sub-scale wealth managers who have felt greater
operational strain through