Company No.o1000803 ~RATHBONES GROUP PLC

REPORT & ACCOUNTS 2023

DRIVEN BY PURPOSE
DELIVERED BY PEOPLE

We are driven by our purpose,

to think, act and invest for everyone’s
tomorrow. We deliver for and with
people: our clients, our colleagues and
partners. We listen, engage and adapt

to our stakeholders’ changing needs,
reinforcing our commitment to delivering
enduring sustainable value for the
benefit of everyone’s future.

On 21 September 2023, following regulatory approval,
its pli

STRATEGIC GOVERNANCE
REPORT Rerort
CONTENTS

STRATEGIC REPORT

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

FuRTHER
INFORMATION

88 GOVERNANCE REPORT

‘What we do and where we doit

‘99 Chair's governance letter

Tnvestment case

‘31 Corporate governance report

Chairs statement

‘99 Nomination committee report

Group chief executive officer's review

‘oa Audit committee report

DRIVEN BY PURPOSE
DELIVERED BY PEOPLE

Find out more about how we are
delivering to our clients.

Understanding the external environment

07 Group risk committee report

19 Our purpose driven approach ‘wo Remuneration committee report
20 Ourcultureand values 124 Annual report on remuneration
21 Ourbusiness model ‘36 Directors report
22 Ourstrategic priorities 130 Statement of directors responsibilities
27 Our key performance indicators
30 Group chief financial officer’ review
32 Financial performance
to FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
36 Segmental review
we Yar Independent auditors report to the

Financial position’
Liquidity and cash flow:
Section 172 statement

‘Creating sustainable value for
our stakeholders

Responsible business review

“Task force on climate related financial
disclosures summary

Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

Risk management and control

Principal risks

‘members of Rathbones Group Plc
181 Consolidated financial statements

185 Notes tothe consolidated
financial statements

Company financial statements
Notes to the company financial statements

255 FURTHER INFORMATION

Viability statement

254 Five-year record

2234 Corporate information

(WE THINK CREATIVELY

‘Through MyRathbones
‘we respond to our clients’
needs. We update the app
regularly in response to
client feedback

Ore

‘WE ACT COLLABORATIVELY

more: Seepage

urcclient team shares
how we engaged with
IWalas we began
integrating our client
offering,

@ rendre: seepage’

WE INVEST RESPONSIBLY

‘The Rathbone Greenbank
Global Sustainable Bond
Fund, responds to
changing markets and,
client interest

@ neadmore:Seesage?

Our reporting suite

This report and accounts forms part
of our wider reporting suite where
you can find more about our

full activities

© Responsio
Business
Update 2023

Task force on

climatesrelated
financial
diaclosures
report 2023,

© responsioie
invertment
repore 2023

G concer pay gov

report 2023

FURTHER INFORMATION LINKS
‘Throughout this feport we use these icons
tolindiate where you can find out more
@ res more

© Waitwebsite

GOVERNANCE
a Retort

WHAT WE DO AND
WHERE WE DO IT

WEALTH MANAGEMENT

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

FuRTHER
INFORMATION

ASSET MANAGEMENT WHERE WE DO IT

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Clients ofthis discretionary service can expect
a tailored investment strategy that meets
individual objectives backed by an investment
process that aims to provide risk-adjusted
returns to meet clients’ needs today and in

the future

(OUR SPECIALIST CAPABILITIES

= Charities and not-for-profit organisations

= Ourspecialist ethical arm, Greenbank

= Personal Injury and Court of Protection

~ Rathbones Investment Management
International.

OUR services
BESPOKE SERVICE

Provides clients access toa dedicated investment
‘manager who will construct and manage a
bespoke portfolio that is specificaly tailored
totheir needs.

MANAGED SERVICE
Provides clients with access to a dedicated
investment manager who will invest ina
range of ready-made, diversified multi-asset
portfolios managed by Rathbones Asset
Management (RAM). IWé also offer a
managed portfolio service.

SELECT
Provides clients direct access to a range of
ready-made, diversified multi-asset portfolios
‘managed by Rathbones Asset Management
(RAM) Select does not come with a dedicated
Investment manager it isa more appropriate and
cost-effective solution for smaller value portfolios.

FINANCIAL PLANNING AND ADVICE
We provide financial planning and advisory
services through Rathbones Financial Planning.
IW&I Saunderson House Limited and Vision
Independent Financial Planning We also offer
UK trust, tax and legal services through the
Rathbones Trust Company.

Clients can choosea financial planning service
asa standalone offering or combine it with one
‘of our investment management services,

‘THREE LEVELS OF ADVICE.
We can deliver our financial planning services
toclients in one of three ways:

~ One-off advice
= Initial advice and planning
~ Ongoing advice and planning,

‘COMPLEMENTARY SERVICES
Asalicensed deposit taker we are able to offer
our clients a range of banking services including
currency and payment services, fixed interest
term deposits and loans to existing clients.

‘Through IW&l, we also offer SIPP administration
services toclients

Rathbones Asset Management is a UK fund
‘manages offering actively managed equity, fixed
income and multi-asset capabilities for retail-

and institutional-type investors. Our range of
Einglesstrategy and mult-asset funds are
designed to potentially meet investors’ core
investment needs, or provide ‘building blocks’ co
for wealth solutions, with distribution primarily &
through UK advisers.

With offices throughout the UK and the
Channel Islands’ clients are never far away
from high-quality. personalised wealth
management services,

@ ratnbones offices

© tovestec Waslth®
Investment (W&)
offices

© both

International clients may also access our funds
‘through the Rathbone Luxembourg Funds SICAV,
‘which allows access toa similar range of actively
‘managed funds.

23

locations in the UK and Channel islands.

3,500+

employees

£105.3bn

‘managed by us for our clients

FTSE 250

‘company listed on the London Stock Exchange

© Jersey

1. Indes Vion Independent Financia Panning

GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL
REPORT STATEMENTS

HIGHLIGHTS OF 2023

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

FURTHER
INFORMATION

STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS

STAKEHOLDER HIGHLIGHTS.

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

£57.6m

2022: £64.1m

UNDERLYING PROFIT
BEFORE TAX"

£127.1m

2022: €97.1m

NUMBER OF INVESTMENT

MANAGERS

681

2022: 355

NUMBER OF FINANCIAL

‘ASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE

52.6p

2022: 83.6

‘UNDERLYING EARNINGS
PER SHARE"

135.8p

2022: 150.89

RETURN ON CAPITAL
EMPLOYED (ROCE)*

4.9%

2022:7.7%

DIVIDEND PAID AND.
PROPOSED PER SHARE

87p

2022: 84p

@ for atu five-year record
Seepage234

UNDERLYING RETURN ON
‘CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)"?

12.1%

2022.8

topage 34 for

TOTAL FUNDS UNDER
MANAGEMENT AND.
‘ADMINISTRATION

£105.3bn

2022: £60.2bn

‘CLIENT RETENTION™

92.7%

2022: 93.7%

STEWARDSHIP.
ENGAGEMENTS WITH
COMPANIES"

752

2022671

EMPLOYEE SHARE
‘OWNERSHIP.

6.3%

2022:9.6%

5 GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL FuRTHER
R Rerort STATEMENTS INFORMATION

DRIVEN BY
PURPOSE

DELIVERED
BY PEOPLE

We are committed to thinking, acting
and investing for everyone’s tomorrow.

We focus on long-term sustainable outcomes,
which enable us to build enduring value for our
clients, make a wider contribution to society
and create a lasting legacy. We are committed
to operating in a way that actively addresses
adverse impacts our activities have on society,
people and the environment.

This means understanding the issues that
matter to our stakeholders and evolving the
way we do business to meet their changing
needs and expectations.

@ feadmore: S00 a9¢50

GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL FURTHER
Reront STATEMENTS INFORMATION IATHBONES GROUP PLE REPORT ACCOUNTS 2023 Ot

WE THINK 66

CREATIVELY The MyRathbones app,
supports clients in viewing their
investments and communicating
with their investment team.
Client feedback is a primary
input into the ongoing
development of our digital
services. This client-centric
approach allows us to align to
clients’ preferences, ensuring
we deliver updates that improve
the app’s functionality, making
it quick and easy to access their
information. The collaborative
process brings our clients along
with us as we continually
improve our offering, resulting
in a more tailored and user-
friendly digital experience that
our clients themselves have
helped shape.”

Lead Product Owner

@ read more: See 99023

Ra GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL FurTHER
Retort STATEMENTS INFORMATION IarHtOnts GROUP PLE REPORT SACCOUNTS2022 Of

WE ACT OUR COMBINATION WITH IW&d
Between November 2023 and January 2024, the Rathbones
and IWéal proposition teams participated in a roadshow,
co LL A BO R AT IV E LY ‘bringing teams across the group together. In total 14 sessions
were run and wel received.
‘The roadshow introduced the breadth of the Rathbones'
proposition (across financial planning, investment
‘Management, asset management, and the strategic
partnership with Investec Bank Pic), the detail of Select.

Managed and Bespoke, and our plans for proposition
integration and development.

Following the roadshows, we surveyed attendees and
received 105 responses. The feedback informs the
prioritisation of topics to present in the awareness programme
such as Investment research process, Rathbones'suitability
process, investment risk monitoring and introduction to
Greenbank. The roadshows allowed the proposition team
early visibility ofthe future combined proposition

and solicit feedback on topics such as the direction of

travel for target markets on our flagship offering Bespoke
discretionary management.

We received feedback suchas:

“ “

‘Asa new joiner on It is really helpful to gain

14 August, it is good abetter understanding
‘of what the future looks
like, it gets our buy in at

colleagues from both —_—_an early stage. It allows

firms already” us to speak with our

irmingham office clients about it too as
they are interested’
Edinburgh Office

“ “

Itwas reassuring tohave Keep the information
the team come over and. coming, appreciate
talk us through the plans these meetings being
land much appreciated” done in person”

Belfast Office oui

ford office

@ read more Seepase24

RATE: GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL FuRTHER
i Reront STATEMENTS INFORMATION ArHBoNES CROUP Le REPORT SACCOUNTS2025 OF

WE INVEST SUSTAINABILITY FUND
RESPONSIBLY viene

Rathbones Asset Management
Rathbone Greenbank Global Sustainable Bond Fund

Why was the new fund created?
\: The Rathbone Greenbank Global Sustainable Bond Fund
‘was established in response to client demand for a diversified,
sustainable global bond offering that complements existing
fixed income strategies. Clients sought investment opportunities
that backed sustainable projects and businesses, contributing
toabetter future,

What does it offer our clients?
‘This fund is aimed at investors who want flexible global
bbond exposure with strong sustainability policies. The
slobal fixed income market is huge, and the fund’ flexibility
‘means it can go anywhere across this broad market, to
identify the best investments for building a well-diversified
portfolio of sustainability screened global corporate and
government bonds.

Q: What are the aims of the fund?
‘A: Our objective is to deliver a greater total return, ater fees,
than a benchmark we have created to represent the global
fixed income market over any rolling five-year period. At he
same time, we avoid investing in activities that we believe
make the planet or its inhabitants worse off.

@: Why is it different to our other offerings?
Distinct from our other offerings, the fund enjoys the
backing of Greenbank, a team with a track record in ethical,
sustainable and impact investing. As the fund's manager,
bring nearly 20 years of experience from leading the
Rathbone Ethical Bond Fund. All securities, including
government bonds, are subject to Greenbank’s screening
process, providing a safeguard against greenwashing and
enhancing what we believe to be the fund's unique appeal

@ reat more:Seeou8e23

GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL FuRTHER
Report STATEMENTS INFORMATION ATHBONES GROUP PLE REPORT 8 ACCOUNTS 2023

INVESTMENT CASE

A GROWING BUSINESS WITH REWARDING CHARACTERISTICS FOR INVESTORS
Rathbones specialises in the UK wealth market which benefits from embedded structural growth, underpinned by strong long-term trends that support the demand for our services.
Following our combination with Investec Wealth & Investment UK (IW), we are well-positioned to provide attractive value for shareholders,

KEY DRIVERS FOR INDUSTRY GROWTH, CLIENT NEED AND LONG-TERM OPPORTUNITY

‘Thereisan increasing need for } Thereisa growing demand{orfinancial ; Thereissignificantintegeneratonal _ Thereisarisinginterestinsesponsible _ ; Thereare consolidation opportunities
individuals osaveandgrowlongierm  : planningas regulatory changes £ wealth transfer toa new cohort of and thoughiful investing ina fragmented market.
wealthasstate pensionserode and life encourageindividualstotakeon the potential clients thatexpecta

expectancy increases. # responsibility ofretrement planning, digital presence

HOW WE ARE POSITIONED TO RESPOND AND SUCCEED

We provide our clients witha wide ‘We are investing in growingourfinancial | We are committed to our digital | Webelieve tis in the best interestof our We have secured our future with the
range of unbundled wealth and asset__| planning business both through targeted | investment programme that, clients that the companies we invest in: combination of 1W&tand can provide
‘management propositions that can be | acquisitions and ongoingmarketingand | complements our personalised adoptbestpracticeinmanagingESG —_ clients witha trusted, long-standing
tallored to their individual needsand | business development. face-to-face client experience and risks and we consider these when brand with increasing scale amid.
‘complexity delivered through our will benefit the enlarged group. ‘making investment choices. Forclients _; industry change.

highly trained investment managers who want 100% ethical and sustainable:

working directly with clients or {investment management, we have a

Indirectly with third-party advisers. dedicated team in Greenbank. anda

selection of ethical funds offered by
Rathbones Asset Management.

68T 117 58%’ 20+ 43%'

Investment manag Inchouse financial cof Rathbones clients using our digital | years of thicalinvestment experience: Rathbones’ cent net promoter score
investment perfor toaturther 138 portal with plans for expansion across (NPS) against industry mean of 34%
Financial Planning the enlarged group

OUR RESPONSE TO THIS DEMAND AND STRATEGIC DIRECTION WILL DELIVER VALUE FOR SHAREHOLDERS

Atarget underlying operatingmarginof : Astablerevenuemarginand robust: Long-ermclientrelationships which: A responsibly managed financial + A progressive dividend policy with
mid 20s% in 2024, anda medium-term feeincome treamin addition oa provide annuity valueon revenue. Position witha healthy capital surplus. adividend that has not been reduced
target three* years post W&l § bankinglicence that provides H H 5 inmore than 25 years.

completion) of 303%. E diversified income streams.

1 Exclude farther 25 investment professionals in Rathbones Ast Mi
2 Datwercudes wai

strarecic GOVERNANCE
7 RerorT

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

SINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

FuTucr
INFORMATION

STRONGER TOGETHER

Clive CR Bannister

Chair

DEAR SHAREHOLDER
Rathbones isa strong and secure business.
Itis well-equipped to manage and navigate
challenging market conditions.

2023 wasa difficult period for the UK economy:
global conflicts, rising interest rates and
Continued inflation reduced economic growth,

in many parts of the world, directly impacting
the investment returns of our clients. These
collective challenges have highlighted the
importance of our adaptability resilience and the
reassurance that we provide our stakeholders.

During 2023, we announced a transformational
‘combination with Investec Wealth & Investment
‘UK (Wad). This transaction presents a
‘compelling strategic and financial rationale for
ur shareholders, whilst it also better serves
‘our clients. and secures our future as the UK's
leading discretionary wealth manager.

‘Weare delighted to welcome our IW&
colleagues to our business. 1look forward tothe
year ahead as we work together, as one business,
torealise the significant proposition and
financial benefits forall our stakeholders.

CLIENTS
‘Our clients are at the heart of our strategy
‘and their interests area key consideration in
everything that we do, In 2023, we continued

to prioritise engaging with clients througha
variety of methods including focus groups

and targeted surveys, virtual and in-person,
conferences and events as well as regular
‘communications updating them on the business,
‘macro themes, the [WA transaction and our
investment propositions. We will continue this,
dialogue during 2024,

SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
‘AND DIVIDENDS

Rathbones generates long-term value creation
for our shareholders. Following our combination
with 1W&d, we commit again to our progressive
dividend policy. This has been in place for more
than 25 years, over which period we have never
reduced our dividend. Given the strength of our
enlarged business, we are pleased to be able to
sustain this dividend commitment, even in the
context of difficult markets,

‘At our half year results in July, we announced
aninterim dividend of 29p. We also brought
forward payment of a portion of the final 2023
dividend to shareholders on the register shortly
prior tothe completion of the combination by
‘way of a second interim dividend of 34p, paid in
October. The final dividend in respect of FY2:
haas therefore been reduced accordingly to 24p
per share. This brings the total dividend for the
year, for shareholders on the register prior tothe
‘combination, to 87p per share (2022: B4p)a 3.6%
increase on the prior year. The final dividend will
bbe paid on 14 May 2024, subject to shareholder
approval at our 2024 Annual General Meeting on
‘9 May 2024, for shareholders who are on the
register on 19 April 2024

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS
‘Our responsible business programme enables

us to deliver on our purpose to think, act and
invest for everyone's tomorrow. We seek to create
long-term value for our stakeholders, built upon
the foundations of strong governance,

FIVE-YEAR DIVIDEND GROWTH

2023: 87p

Our programme ensures we deliver through,
various initiatives, including our responsible
investment approach, diversity, equality and
inclusion (DE&A efforts, community investment
and reducing the environmental impact of,

our operations

GOVERNANCE AND CULTURE
‘The board recognises that enduring business
success is not possible without a clear purpose,
and that good governance is about more than
just complying with rules. Itis about culture,
behaviours and how we treat our clients. The
board is committed to ensure that the firm's
purpose, values and culture are embedded.
‘throughout the firm, The board regularly reviews
its’culture dashboard’ and, this year, we paid
particular attention to the impact on the
‘organisation from the combination with WA,
Itremains incredibly important to ensure that
the businesses are culturally aligned with client
focusat our core

‘More information on the how the board
monitored and assessed culture can be found
in the full corporate governance report.

GOVERNANCE
Reront

CHAIR'S STATEMENT CONTINUED

COLLEAGUES
‘There are tremendous skills across our enlarged
group of 3,500 colleagues. In 2023, our
‘management teams and the board continued to
‘engage through employee engagement surveys
and the board's own workforce engagement
programme. We remain committed to improving
‘our colleagues’ experience at work, which is even
‘more important during the period of integration
with TW4L.

BOARD COMPOSITION AND SUCCESSION
Because of our combination with IW8l, there
hasbeen necessary and welcome changes to
‘our board. Most notably, Henrietta Baldock and
Ruth Leas are now new shareholder directors,
‘nominated by Investec Group. These
appointments were approved by our nomination
‘committee in September 2023, reflecting the
29.9% voting rights shareholding owned by
Investec Group Pic. Both have extensive
knowledge of the financial services sector and
Tlook forward to working with them in the

years ahead

Succession planningis vital to ensure the board
has the necessary plansiin place fr orderly
succession to both the board and senior
‘management positions. The board believes that
greater diversity drives better decision-making
and that building diverse and inclusive
‘workforce will ead to better outcomes for
Clients, colleagues and for our business.

‘The board has aligned its diversity policy for
‘board appointments with new targets set out
inthe listing rules andis proud to have met
those targets.

‘At the end of 2023, our board had five female
directors out of nine, which means we exceed
the commitment of female board representation
for FTSE 350 companies set by the FTSE Women
Leaders initiative.

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

surTHER
INFORMATION

‘We continue to meet the requirements of the
Parker Review as we have a least one director
from an ethnic minority background. We see
this as a good foundation on which to build,
bbut certainly not an end point.

‘After six years, Sarah Gentleman stepped down,
‘as chair of the remuneration committee in
September 2023, o focus on her role as our
senior independent director. [would like to
thank her for her leadership on remuneration
policy over this time and am delighted that
Dharmash Mistry accepted the role as our new
remuneration committee chair,

In addition, in September 2023 we announced
that after four and half years as group CFO and
executive director, Jennifer Mathias would step
down from the Board on 31 December 2023 and
transition into the new position of group chief of
staff, working with the executive team acrossall
parts ofthe combined business. From January
2024, lain Hooley took on the group CFO role as,
Jennifer's successor. fain was finance director of
[Wal for more thana decade and was appointed
(CEO of 1W&d in February 2023, where he played
a key role in the success of the business. [am
¢grateful to both Jennifer and lain and look
forward to working with them as we bring our
two businesses together.

ENGAGING WITH SHAREHOLDERS
‘We strongly believe in meaningful engagement
with shareholders, and I was pleased to meet,
many of you this year. We are grateful for the
overwhelming shareholder support for the
‘combination with Wall, which was an
affirmation of this transformational transaction.

‘The chair of the remuneration committee
‘consulted with our top shareholders on proposed
‘changes to our remuneration policy. The
‘consultation exercise demonstrated that there

is strong support for changes that will be put to
shareholders at our AGM in May 2024.

LOOKING AHEAD
1W&1 integration planning remains on track

We remain confident that the enlarged group
will deliver efficiencies and benefits to clients,
employees and shareholders. We will continue to
‘update you on our progress as we grow together
asa combined business.

Finally, on behalf ofthe board, I would like to
thank our clients, shareholders and colleagues
old and new - for your enduring commitment
and collaboration. This remains the foundation
‘of our shared success, Thank you for being the
driving force behind our accomplishments in
spite ofthe turbulent economic landscape. It has
been through your collective efforts, resilience,
and hard work that we have been able to navigate
these challenges and Lam confident we will
emerge stronger than ever.

Clive CR Bannister
Chair
5 March 2024

FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OUR
STAKEHOLDER ACTIVITIES

DELIVERING FOR OUR CLIENTS
‘The group's clients are atthe heart of
our strategy and their interests area key
consideration in everything that we do.

@ head m

INSPIRING OUR PEOPLE

Understanding the needs ofthe group's
peoples essential in developing a
‘workplace and culture in which they

can each their full potential and in turn,
ensure the long-term success ofthe group.

page $2

© read more: See page S3-54

‘GROWING FOR OUR INVESTORS
Understanding the views of our
shareholders is essential tous delivering
Tong-term sustainable financial returns.

@ ead more: See age

‘CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

‘The role of the board in providing effective
leadership to promote the long-term success
of the firm.

@ read more: Seepage 88

‘SI72 STATEMENT AND KEY BOARD DECISIONS

Understanding the views and interests of
‘ur stakeholders helps the group to make
better decisions.

@ read more: Seepage 49