For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement 
FY2026 
Harvey Norman Holdings Limited (the Company) 
28 August 2026 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
The board of directors (Board ) of the Company is committed to a high standard of corporate 
governance, and is responsible for establishing, maintaining and monitoring the corporate 
governance framework of the Company.  The Board aims to foster a culture of compliance, with an 
emphasis on ethical behaviour, accountability, corporate and individual integrity, and respect for 
others.  
 
The Board has benchmarked the practices adopted by the Company against the ASX CGC 
published guidelines and the corporate governance principles and recommendations (4th edition, 
February 2019) (Recommendations). 
 
This Corporate Governance Statement was approved by the Board and is current as at the 
effective date stated above, in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 4.7.4. This Corporate Governance 
Statement summarises the corporate governance practices of the Company for the 2026 Financial 
Year. 
 
Unless inconsistent with the context, a reference to ‘the Company’ in this Corporate Governance 
Statement includes a reference to Harvey Norman Holdings Limited or the controlled entities of 
Harvey Norman Holdings Limited (or both). 
 
Further details about the corporate governance of the Company may be accessed via the 
Governance section of www.harveynormanholdings.com.au (website ). 
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
2 
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
3 
Principle 1 
Management and Oversight 
Board Charter 
Matters which are specifically reserved for the Board are set out in the Board Charter, which is available on the Governance page of 
the website. 
 
It is the role of the Board to: 
Leadership, Culture 
and Governance  
• Demonstrate leadership. 
• Approve the statement of values and code of conduct that underpin the desired culture of the 
Company.  
• Appoint and review the performance of the Chair of the Company. 
• Appoint and review the performance of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO ) of the Company.  
• Approve the appointment or replacement of the Company Secretary of the Company 
(Company Secretary
). 
• Whenever required, challenge management and hold management to account. 
•  Be satisfied that the remuneration policies are aligned with the purpose, values, strategic 
objectives, and risk appetite of the Company. 
• Monitor the effectiveness of the governance practices of the Company. 
Strategy 
• Set and approve the strategy of the Company. 
• Establish strategic objectives for the Company and monitor the execution and implementation 
by management of the measures, targets, and initiatives necessary to execute those strategic 
objectives (including the values and performance of the Company generally). 
• Oversee management in the execution of the strategic objectives of the Company, the instillation 
of the values of the Company and performance of management generally.  
Risk Management 
• Set the risk appetite of the Company, within which the Board expects management to operate. 
• Oversee the risk management framework of the Company. 
•  Be satisfied that an appropriate risk management framework exists (for both financial and  
non-financial risks) with relevant information to be reported by management to the Board. 
•  Make enquiries to satisfy the Board that the risk management framework of the Company deals 
adequately with emerging issues related to the business of the Company.  
Financial 
• Review and approve the annual and half-yearly reports. 
• Oversee the integrity of the accounting and corporate reporting systems of the Company, including 
the external audit. 
• Approve and monitor operating budgets, major capital expenditure, capital management, 
acquisitions and divestitures.  
Shareholders 
• Oversee the process for making timely and balanced disclosure of all material information 
concerning the Company that a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the 
price or value of the securities of the Company.  
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
4 
Principle 1   
Management and Oversight  (continued) 
Delegation to Management 
The Board delegates responsibility for the operational effectiveness and efficiency of the management of risk to the CEO and 
Executive Directors. It is the role of employees of subsidiaries of the Company who have a primary responsibility or equivalent, 
of a department, business unit or key function of the Company (Senior Executive) to support the CEO and Executive Directors 
in the design and implementation of the risk management framework of the Company, to implement strategy and operations 
and to ensure that the Company operates within the risk appetite set by the Board. 
 
The CEO reports to the Board on operational issues that include:  
• recommendations on strategic initiatives and developing and implementing corporate strategies; 
• preparation for approval by the Board of budgets and cash flow forecasts and management of operations within the financial 
constraints imposed by the Board; 
• maintenance of effective compliance and risk management frameworks; 
• evaluation of the performance of key executives, including succession, personal learning and growth activities; 
• achievement of financial and non-financial key performance indicators as set by the Board; and 
• information to keep the Board and ASX fully informed having regard to continuous disclosure obligations. 
 
Appointing and Re-electing Directors 
The Company has established guidelines which include guidance on selecting candidates for the position of director and 
undertaking appropriate checks, including character and qualifications, of any potential candidate.  The threshold requirements 
applied by the Board when assessing a candidate for appointment or re-election as a Director, include merit, experience, 
business acumen, integrity, independence of judgement, strategic capacity, financial literacy, understanding of the Company’s 
operating model, and an ownership-orientated approach to long term shareholder value (Threshold Appointment Criteria). 
 
Material information relating to any potential candidate is provided to shareholders before shareholders are asked to vote on 
the election or re-election of a director, including: 
• biographical details (including relevant qualifications and experience, and skills);  
• details of other material directorships held; 
• in the case of any potential candidate standing for election for the first time, the Company will confirm that the Company has 
conducted appropriate checks on the potential candidate, include any information of concern, details of matters which may 
influence their capacity to bring independent judgement to issues before the Board and to act in the best interests of the 
Company, and confirm whether the candidate will qualify as an independent director; and  
• in the case of a director standing for re-election, the Company will confirm the term of office served and if deemed to be an 
independent director, a statement from the Board to that effect.  
 
Written Agreements 
The Company has in place with each Director and each Senior Executive a written agreement which sets out the terms of their 
appointment.  
The Remuneration Report in the Directors Report in the 2026 Annual Report sets out the executive contractual arrangements.  
In the case of each Non-Executive Director, the written agreement includes the requirement to disclose matters which could 
affect their independence, compliance with corporate policies, notifying (and where necessary, seek approval of) the Board of 
any new role that could impact the role held, and also includes the indemnity and insurance arrangements, ongoing rights of 
access to information and confidentiality obligations, and the policy on seeking independent professional advice. 
 
Company Secretary 
The Company Secretary is accountable directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters concerning the proper 
functioning of the Board and each Committee of the Board.  The Company Secretary is responsible for guiding the Board and 
each Committee of the Board on governance matters, monitoring compliance with policy and charters, and convening, 
conducting and recording meetings.  The Company Secretary also assists in the induction and professional development of 
each Director.  
The Company Secretary may meet with the Chair on all matters regarding the proper functioning of the Board and each 
Committee of the Board, and each Director can meet and communicate with the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
5 
Principle 1   
Management and Oversight  (continued) 
Diversity 
The Company defines diversity as including the collective mix of visible and non-visible attributes, skills, experience, judgement, 
commercial understanding, ownership orientation, professional background, industry knowledge, tenure, independence of thought, 
cognitive style, thinking, approach and perspective that enables the Board to discharge its duties effectively and to add long-term value 
for shareholders (Diversity). The Company is committed to fostering an inclusive culture that values and leverages the contribution of 
people from diverse backgrounds, experiences, thinking, approach and perspectives. The Board believes that Diversity is a driver of 
enhanced corporate performance, better decision-making and improved governance outcomes, generating value for shareholders by 
building capabilities for the Company to become more innovative, responsive, and competitive. 
The Company strives for a diverse workplace at all levels and recognises the benefits and the importance of Diversity in the composition 
of the Board and Senior Executive team. The Board is committed to ensuring that the strategic objectives and corporate values of the 
Company include Diversity. 
The Board Diversity Policy and Employee Diversity Policy of the Company support this commitment. The Board Diversity Policy and 
Employee Diversity Policy of the Company are available on the Governance page of the website.  
The Employee Diversity Policy and Board Diversity Policy of the Company are conducive to the selection of well-qualified employees, 
Senior Executives and Board candidates from diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. In addition, the Company is 
committed to continuing to build a diverse workforce and leverage the benefits of Diversity by focusing on attracting, recruiting, 
motivating and retaining employees from all backgrounds, creating a workplace where discrimination and sexual harassment are not 
tolerated, and by promoting an inclusive environment to employees once employed. 
 
a) Present Measurements 
The Company presently monitors the progress of the Company in building a diverse and inclusive workforce through measuring and 
presenting insights on a range of metrics including:  
• the gender identity of employees at all levels within the Company; 
• the gender identity of applicants to advertised positions and the gender identity of those appointed; 
• the different positions held by gender identity; 
• the gender identity of employees in full time, part time and casual roles; 
• the salaries of employees by gender identity and whether a pay gap exists within the Company; 
• the number of flexible working arrangements taken up by employees; 
• other measures (where disclosed) including the age of employees, the cultural background profile of employees, disability or 
accessibility requirements of employees, and the length of service of employees; and  
• the perspectives of employees on various matters including workplace culture and inclusivity. 
 
b) Achievements Towards Gender Balance  
The Company continues to recognise the importance of building a strong presence of women leaders and actively supporting and 
building a pipeline of developing women leaders. The Company is pleased to report that women continue to make up 40% of global 
Senior Executives, achieving a gender balance within the most senior roles in the organisation. With 46% of the global workforce of the 
Company made up of women, the Company is proud to have a gender diverse, talented employee population from which to draw and 
develop future leaders, and it is committed to continuing the support and development of women into the future. The table below 
shows the composition by gender of employees, Senior Executives and Board members over the last six (6) financial years. Data was 
taken as at 30 June each year.  
Women Composition at 30 JUNE 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
Women Employees 
45% 
45% 
45% 
44% 
45% 
46% 
Women Senior Executives 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
Women Board Members 
20% 
20% 
20% 
22% 
22% 
22% 
CEO 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Chair  
0% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
In Australia, the Company is a participant in the annual Workplace Gender Equality Report (WGEA Report
).  A copy of the WGEA Report 
completed by the Company for the period of 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026 is available on the website. 
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
6 
 
 
Principle 1   
Management and Oversight  (continued) 
c)    Diversity Measures, Targets and Initiatives  
The Company is committed to building a diversity of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences in the workplace and to providing an 
inclusive and respectful working environment that embraces and promotes Diversity. This commitment is enshrined in the Statement of 
Values and in the Board Diversity Policy and the Employee Diversity Policy of the Company, each of which has been adopted by the 
Board and is available on the Governance page of the website. 
The Company does not follow Recommendation 1.5 in full. As an entity included in the S&P/ASX 300 Index, Recommendation 1.5 
provides that the measurable objective for achieving gender diversity in the composition of the Board should be to have not less than 
30% of directors of each gender within a specified period. The Board has not adopted that 30% each-gender objective. The Board has 
instead adopted, and disclosed in the Board Diversity Policy, the alternative measurable objectives set out below, which are directed to 
a broader Board effectiveness framework. 
Measurable objectives adopted by the Board: 
a) 
targets linked to the Board skills matrix to ensure a mix of skills, experience, thinking, approaches and perspectives; and 
b) 
targets for improving representation of other attributes identified as relevant by the Board. 
These measurable objectives are reviewed and, where appropriate, updated annually by the Nomination Committee for endorsement 
by the Board. 
The broader framework 
In the context of Board composition and appointments, the Board has adopted a threshold assessment framework, and any proposed 
director appointment must first satisfy the Threshold Appointment Criteria — being merit, experience, business acumen, integrity, 
independence of judgement, strategic capacity, financial literacy, understanding of the Company’s operating model, and an ownership-
orientated approach to long-term shareholder value. Subject to those criteria being met, the Board actively considers gender and other 
visible and non-visible differences as part of succession planning, Board renewal and candidate selection, situating them within a 
framework focused on director capability, diversity of thinking, diversity of approach, diversity of perspective and overall Board 
effectiveness. 
Timeframe 
The Board will seek to progress towards its measurable objectives having regard to the Board renewal cycle and the availability of 
suitably qualified candidates who satisfy the Threshold Appointment Criteria. 
Practical steps 
The Board progresses these objectives through Board renewal, documented succession planning and a formal, transparent, merit-
based and objective selection process. The Nomination Committee maintains a documented succession plan that is reviewed at least 
annually and integrates the Diversity objectives. 
Board composition and reporting 
The Board is currently comprised of 22.2% women. Kay Lesley Page is the CEO and an Executive Director. As at 9 September 2025, 
women made up approximately 10% of all CEOs in the S&P/ASX 300 Index (source: www.cew.org.au). The Company reports its 
measurable objectives, its progress, and the respective proportions of men and women (and its most recent WGEA Gender Equality 
Indicators), in accordance with clause 8.1 of the Board Diversity Policy. 
Performance Evaluation 
The performance of the Board, the Committees of the Board, each Director and Senior Executives is reviewed regularly against both 
measurable and qualitative indicators that align with the financial and non-financial objectives of the Company.   
 
a) Board, Committees and Directors  
The Nomination Committee of the Company has a process for periodically evaluating the performance of the Board, each Committee of 
the Board and individual Directors. An Independent Non-Executive Director is responsible for evaluating the performance of the Chair. 
 
For the 2026 Financial Year, the Nomination Committee of the Company conducted performance evaluations of the Board, each 
Committee of the Board, and each Director in respect of the period. 
 
b) Senior Executives 
A performance evaluation of Senior Executives is undertaken at least annually as part of the overall management of employees of the 
Company. The CEO and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), or the relevant Managing Director of each region, are responsible for the review 
of the performance of each Senior Executive, based on criteria including feedback from the direct Manager of the Senior Executive, 
achievement of strategic, tactical and operational objectives, the performance of the business, and a range of other non-quantitative 
factors. Performance evaluations for key Senior Executives were conducted during the 2026 Financial Year. 
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
7 
Principle 2 
Board Structure for Effectiveness and Value 
Nomination Committee 
The Board has established a Nomination Committee.  
For the 2026 Financial Year, the Nomination Committee consisted of Kenneth William Gunderson-Briggs (Independent Non-
Executive Director), Maurice John Craven (Independent Non-Executive Director), and Christopher Herbert Brown (Non-
Executive Director). Mr Gunderson-Briggs is the Chair of the Nomination Committee.  
The Charter of the Nomination Committee is available on the Governance page of the website. The Nomination Committee is 
responsible for Board succession planning, induction and continuing development of each Director, development and 
implementation of a process for performance evaluation, the recruitment process for each new Director, appointment and re-
election of Directors, and reviewing the time commitment of a Non-Executive Director. 
The details of the number of meetings and the attendance at meetings of the Nomination Committee for the 2026 Financial Year 
are set out in the Directors' Report in the 2026 Annual Report. 
 
Skills Matrix 
The relevant factors in determining the suitability of a Board member include satisfying the Threshold Appointment Criteria, 
having integrity, being business savvy, having and retaining an owner-oriented attitude and a deep genuine interest in the 
business of the Company. 
In applying these principles to the Company: 
• Business savvy requires a deep understanding of one or more of the sectors of retail, property, franchising and digital 
systems; and 
• Integrity requires a level of fundamental honesty, candour and frankness in dealing with colleagues, regulators and other 
third parties. Integrity necessarily requires a director to bring an open mind and independent judgement to the discussion of 
any matter of concern to the Board. 
 
An owner orientation or perspective of an owner requires the individual to have either:  
• "skin in the game" by holding, controlling or benefitting from a significant parcel of shares where the financial interests of the 
director are aligned with the long term beneficial interest of shareholders; or 
• a perspective of advising owners of businesses and understanding that wealth generation is derived from the building of 
business interests that create long term sustainable value. 
 
Directors with an owner orientation retain an open mind to consider diverse views but are not strictly beholden to the whims of 
fashionable thinking and are able to form their own views as to what constitutes best practice in corporate governance. 
 
Directors are expected to have an interest in and time to do the job, which means:   
• the individual has an executive role, meaning that the career of the person is based on job performance at the Company; or 
• the individual has a limited number of outside interests (i.e. the person is not a professional non-executive director), 
but in both cases the individual has an independence of mind and outlook.  
 
Applying this criterion to each member of the Board, the Board is satisfied that each Director brings to the Board the necessary 
skills and attributes specified.  The biographical details of each Director are listed on the website. 
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
8 
YEAR APPOINTED  
TO THE BOARD 
NAME 
POSITION 
1987 
Gerald Harvey 
Executive Chairman 
1987 
Kay Lesley Page 
Executive Director and CEO 
2001 
John Evyn Slack-Smith 
Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer 
2007 
Chris Mentis 
Executive Director & Company Secretary and CFO 
1993 
Michael John Harvey 
Non-Executive Director 
1987 
Christopher Herbert Brown 
Non-Executive Director 
2003 
Kenneth William Gunderson-Briggs 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
2019 
Maurice John Craven 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
2020 
Luisa Catanzaro 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Principle 2 
Board Structure for Effectiveness and Value  (continued) 
Independence and Length of Service 
The position and employment details, and length of service of each Director is set out below. 
The Company does not follow Recommendation 2.4, as a majority of the Board does not consist of independent Directors. The 
Board is comprised of a majority of Non-Executive Directors. 
The Board notes that while one Independent Non-Executive Director has served for twenty-three years, and recognises that long 
tenure is a factor identified in Box 2.3 that may be perceived to affect independence, the Board maintains its view that the 
Director continues to bring quality independent judgement to the issues that come before the Board. 
The Company does not follow Recommendation 2.5, as the Chair, Gerald Harvey, is not an independent Director (although he is 
not the CEO). 
 
Induction and Professional Development 
The Company has an induction program for new Directors. The Nomination Committee, assisted by the Company Secretary, is 
responsible for the development and implementation of the program. The program is reviewed and tailored for each new 
Director appointed to the Board. 
The Nomination Committee reviews the mix of skills of the Board and has processes in place to identify gaps in skills, knowledge 
and experience. Opportunities are made available to each Director to undertake appropriate professional development, to 
develop and maintain the skills and knowledge required for them to perform their role as a Director of the Company effectively. 
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
9 
Principle 3 
Lawful, Ethical and Responsible Culture 
Statement of Values 
The Company has published a Statement of Values on the Governance page of the website.  The Statement of Values articulates 
and communicates the values of the Company.  The values set out in the Statement of Values are the embodiment of the things 
for which the Company stands and are the basis for the behaviour of the Company, the Directors, Senior Executives and 
employees.   
 
Code of Conduct  
The Code of Conduct of the Company applies to the Directors, Senior Executives, employees, contractors and consultants and 
outlines the standards of behaviour the Company expects in order to promote a culture of fair and ethical behaviour, in 
compliance with applicable laws and standards. The Code of Conduct is published on the Governance page of the website. 
The Audit and Risk Committee or the Board (or both) are to be informed of any material breaches of the Code of Conduct of the 
Company. 
 
Whistleblower Policy 
The Company is committed to fostering an honest and supportive working environment and maintaining a culture of corporate 
compliance. The Company has a Whistleblower Policy which is available on the Governance page of the website.  The 
Whistleblower Policy is designed to encourage employees and eligible whistleblowers to disclose wrongdoing and ensure 
protection of such disclosures.   
 
The Audit and Risk Committee or the Board (or both) are to be appropriately informed of any substantiated findings from each 
investigation conducted in relation to any material incident disclosed pursuant to the Whistleblower Policy. 
 
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy 
The Company is committed to complying with the law and ensuring that it operates in accordance with the values of the 
Company (as predominantly listed in the Statement of Values).  The Company has an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy which is 
published on the Governance page of the website. The Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy is designed to set out a framework to 
prevent, detect and report bribery, corruption and related improper or illegal conduct, and the responsibility of the Company 
(and representatives of the Company) in observing the zero tolerance of the Company to such conduct.   
The Audit and Risk Committee or the Board (or both) are to be informed of any material breaches of the Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption Policy. 
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
10 
Principle 4 
Integrity of Corporate Reports 
CEO and CFO Certification 
The CEO and CFO provided written statements to the Board in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) certifying that the financial records of the Company have been properly maintained, and that the 2026 financial statements 
comply with appropriate accounting standards and give a true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the 
Company. 
 
The CEO and the CFO have certified to the Board in relation to 2026 Financial Year, that: 
• 
 their view provided on the financial report of the Company is founded on a sound system of risk management and internal 
compliance and control which implements the financial policies adopted by the Board; and 
• 
 the risk management and internal compliance and control system of the Company is operating effectively in all material 
respects. 
 
The Board notes that, due to the nature of the assurance, the internal control assurance provided by the CEO and CFO can only 
be reasonable rather than absolute. This is due to factors such as the need for judgement, the use of testing on a sample basis, 
the inherent limitations in internal control and because much of the evidence available is persuasive rather than conclusive. CEO 
and CFO control assurance is not, and cannot, be designed to detect all weaknesses in control procedures. 
 
In order to mitigate this risk, internal control questions are required to be answered and completed by the Key Management 
Personnel (KMP) of all significant business units, including finance managers, in support of the written statements of the CEO 
and CFO. 
 
Verification of Periodic Corporate Reports  
During the course of a financial year, the Company may issue periodic corporate repo

---

the past year are set out in the Directors’ Report in the 2026 Annual Report. 
In the 2026 Financial Year, the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed the risk management framework of the Company and is 
satisfied that the framework continues to be sound and that the Company is operating with due regard to the risk appetite set 
by the Board. The key business risks identified by the Board are summarised in the ‘Operating and Financial Review’ section in 
the 2026 Annual Report. 
The Board, in conjunction with officers of the Company, oversees an annual assessment of the effectiveness of risk management 
and control. The tasks of undertaking and assessing risk management are delegated to the Chief Risk Officer through the CEO, 
including responsibility for the day-to-day design and implementation of the risk management system of the Company. The 
Chief Risk Officer reports to the Board on the key risks of the Company and the extent to which the Chief Risk Officer believes 
these risks are being adequately managed. 
 
Internal Audit   
The Board has appointed a Chief Internal Auditor to operate the Internal Audit function of the Company to monitor and assess 
the internal control environment of the Company and to support the objectives of the Audit and Risk Committee.    
 
The tasks of undertaking and assessing internal control effectiveness are delegated to the Chief Internal Auditor through the 
CEO, including responsibility for the day-to-day design and implementation of the internal control system of the Company.   
The Chief Internal Auditor reports to the Board on the key internal controls of the Company and the extent to which the  
Chief Internal Auditor believes these controls are effective. 
The Internal Audit function provides an objective assessment of: 
• the systems of internal control; 
• the risk and control framework; and 
• generally, compliance by the Company with risk management protocols of the Company. 
To ensure the independence of the Internal Audit function, the Chief Internal Auditor meets privately with the  
Audit and Risk Committee, without management present, on a regular basis.  The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for 
making the final decision on the tenure of the Chief Internal Auditor. 
 
Sustainability 
The Board, in conjunction with officers of the Company, oversees an annual assessment of the effectiveness of risk management 
and control. 
Details of the Sustainability performance of the Company are set out in the Sustainability Report in the 2026 Annual Report. 
For personal use only
Corporate Governance Statement  2026 
13 
 Principle 8 
Fair and Responsible Remuneration 
Remuneration Committee 
The Board has established a Remuneration Committee. 
For the 2026 Financial Year, the Remuneration Committee consisted of Kenneth William Gunderson-Briggs (Independent Non-
Executive Director), Christopher Herbert Brown (Non-Executive Director), and Luisa Catanzaro (Independent Non-Executive 
Director). Mr Gunderson-Briggs is the Chair of the Remuneration Committee. 
The Charter of the Remuneration Committee is available on the Governance page of the website. 
Details of how many times the Remuneration Committee met throughout the 2026 Financial Year, the qualifications of each 
member of the Remuneration Committee and attendance of each member at meetings of the Remuneration Committee during 
the past year are set out in the Directors’ Report in the 2026 Annual Report. 
 
Remuneration Policies and Practices  
The Company aspires to maximise shareholder value by retaining a high-quality Board and Senior Executive team. Directors and 
key Senior Executives are remunerated fairly and appropriately with reference to relevant employment market conditions.  The 
Company is committed to the principle of equal remuneration for work of equal or comparable value, regardless of gender. 
To assist in achieving this objective, the Remuneration Committee links the nature and amount of remuneration of Executive 
Directors and Officers to the financial and operational performance of the Company. The expected outcomes of the 
remuneration structure are: 
• 
retention and motivation of key Senior Executives; 
• 
attraction of high-quality management; and 
• 
performance incentives that allow Senior Executives to share in the success of the Company. 
The Remuneration Report (in the Directors' Report in the 2026 Annual Report) contains a description of the remuneration 
philosophy and framework of the Company, and the remuneration received by each Executive Director and other KMP following 
an evaluation of the performance of each Executive Director and each other KMP in the current year. 
The Board is responsible for determining and reviewing compensation arrangements for the Directors, including the CEO and 
Executive Directors. Each Director does not participate in deliberations, or decisions, about that Director. 
There is no scheme to provide retirement benefits to Non-Executive Directors.    
 
Equity Based Remuneration Scheme  
The Company has an equity-based remuneration plan. The rules of the plan state that a participant must not enter into any 
scheme, arrangement or agreement (such as options or derivative products) under which the participant may alter the economic 
benefit to be derived.  
For personal use only