8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported) September 25, 2026 SBA Communications Corporation (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Florida 001-16853 65-0716501 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 8051 Congress Avenue Boca Raton , FL 33487 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (561) 995-7670 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share SBAC The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ Global Select Market) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). ☐ Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. On September 25, 2026, SBA Communications Corporation (the “Company”) established a commercial paper program (the “Program”) pursuant to which it may issue from time to time , unsecured, commercial paper notes (the “Notes”) in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed $2.5 billion. Amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time to time. The maturities of the Notes may vary, but will not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. The proceeds of the Notes will be used for general corporate purposes. The Notes will be sold on customary terms in the U.S. commercial paper market on a private placement basis. The Notes will rank pari passu with the Company’s other unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and will effectively rank junior to all of the Company’s secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The Notes will also be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries, including the secured tower revenue notes and other indebtedness outstanding at the subsidiary level. One or more commercial paper dealers will each act as a dealer under the Program (each, a “Dealer,” and collectively, the “Dealers”) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the respective commercial paper dealer agreement entered into between the Company and each Dealer (collectively, the “Dealer Agreements”). A national bank will act as the issuing and paying agent under the Program pursuant to the terms of an issuing and paying agent agreement. The Dealer Agreements provide the terms under which the Dealers will either purchase from the Company or arrange for the sale by the Company of the Notes. The Dealer Agreements contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions. The Notes to be offered under the Program have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, will be issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes. This Current Report on Form 8-K includes statements regarding the issuance of the Notes under the Program and the intended use of the net proceeds. These statements may be affected by risks and uncertainties in the Company’s business and market conditions. This information is qualified in its entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor disclosure contained in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC. The Company wishes to caution readers that certain important factors may have affected and could in the future affect the Company’s actual results and could cause the Company’s actual results for subsequent periods to differ materially from those expressed in any statement made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company undertakes no obligation to update statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by law. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. SBA COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION By: /s/ Marc Montagner Marc Montagner Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: September 25, 2026