MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 25 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 42 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 45 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 45 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 45 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 48 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 48 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 48 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 48 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 49 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 49 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 49 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 49 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 55 SIGNATURES 56 Table of Contents ITEM 1. BUSINESS General We are a leading independent owner and operator of wireless communications infrastructure, including tower structures, rooftops, and other structures that support antennas used for wireless communications, which we collectively refer to as “towers” or “sites.” Our principal operations are in the United States and its territories. In addition, we own and operate towers in South America, Central America, and Africa. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we sold all of our towers and ended our operations in both the Philippines and Colombia and sold substantially all of our operations in Canada. Our primary business line is our site leasing business, which contributed 97.9% of our total segment operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2025. In our site leasing business, we (1) lease space to wireless service providers and other customers on assets that we own or operate and (2) manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. As of December 31, 2025, we owned 46,328 towers, a substantial portion of which have been built by us or built by other tower owners or operators who, like us, have built such towers to lease space to multiple wireless service providers. Our other business line is our site development business, through which we assist wireless service providers in developing and maintaining their own wireless service networks. Business Strategy Our primary strategy is to continue to focus on expanding our site leasing business through organic growth and expansion of our tower portfolio to create shareholder value. We believe that the and repetitive nature of our site leasing business will permit us to maintain a stable, recurring cash flow stream and reduce our exposure to cyclical changes in customer spending which arises in our site development business. We believe that our tower operations are highly scalable. Consequently, we believe that we are able to materially increase our domestic and international tower portfolio without proportionately increasing selling, general, and administrative expenses. Key elements of our strategy include: Organic Growth.  Maximizing our Tower Capacity. We generally have constructed or acquired towers that accommodate multiple tenants and a majority of our towers are tower structures. Most of our towers have significant capacity available for additional antennas, and we believe that increased use of our towers’ structural capacity can generate additional lease revenue and be achieved at a low incremental cost. We measure the available capacity of our existing sites to support additional tenants by assessing several factors, including tower height, tower type, wind loading, environmental conditions, existing equipment on the tower and zoning and permitting regulations in effect in the jurisdiction where the tower is located. We actively market space on our towers through our internal sales force. As of December 31, 2025, we had an average of 1.8 tenants per site.  Capitalizing on our Scale and Management Experience. We are a large owner, operator, and developer of towers, with substantial capital, human capital, and operating resources. We have been developing towers for wireless service providers in the U.S. since 1989 and have owned and operated towers for ourselves since 1997. We believe our size, experience, capabilities, and resources make us a preferred partner for wireless service providers both in the U.S. and internationally. Our management team has extensive experience in site leasing and site development, with some of the longest tenures in the tower and site development industries. We believe that our industry expertise and strong relationships with wireless service providers will permit us to achieve growth in our site leasing and site development services. Systematic Tower Portfolio Growth. We intend to continue to grow our tower portfolio, domestically and internationally, through tower acquisitions and the construction of new tower structures. We believe that one of the best uses of our liquidity, including cash from operating activities and borrowings, is to acquire and/or build new towers at prices that we believe will be accretive to our shareholders both in the short and long term and which allow us to maintain our target leverage ratios.  Disciplined Domestic and International Tower Acquisitions. In our tower acquisition program, we pursue towers from third parties that meet or exceed our internal guidelines regarding current and future potential returns. For each acquisition, we prepare various analyses that include projections of several different investment return metrics, review of available capacity, future lease up projections, and a summary of current and future tenant/technology mix. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2025, we purchased over 7,000 sites from Millicom International Cellular S.A. (“Millicom”) throughout Central America. This transaction supports our desire to secure our position as a leader in our international markets and align ourselves with the leading carriers in such markets.  Strategic New Builds. We believe strategic new builds can contribute to profitable growth, particularly in our international markets. In our new build program, we construct tower structures (1) under arrangements or (2) in locations that are strategically chosen by us. Under arrangements, we build tower structures for wireless service providers at locations that they have identified. Under these arrangements, we retain ownership of the tower structure and 1 Table of Contents the exclusive right to additional tenants. When we construct tower structures in locations chosen by us, we utilize our knowledge of our customers’ network requirements to identify locations where we believe multiple wireless service providers need, or will need, to locate antennas to meet capacity or service demands. We generally will have at least one signed tenant lease for each new build tower structure on the day that it is completed and expect that some will have multiple tenants. As part of the Millicom transaction, we have agreed to a exclusivity right for us to build up to 2,500 sites in Central America with each site built having an initial lease term of 15 years.  International Market Maximization. We are focused on maximizing our site leasing services and profitability in international markets, such as Central America, that meet our investment criteria and where we believe we have, or have the ability to achieve, scale. Our investment criteria focuses on the quality and quantity of wireless service providers in a given country as well as the country’s political and regulatory environments. The majority of our international markets typically have less mature wireless networks with limited wireline infrastructure and lower wireless data penetration rates than those in the United States. Accordingly, our tower growth in these markets is primarily driven by (1) wireless service providers seeking to increase the quality and coverage of their networks, (2) increased consumer mobile data traffic, such as media streaming, mobile apps and games, web browsing, and email, and (3) incremental spectrum auctions as well as incremental voice and data network deployments. We continually evaluate how a particular market meets our strategic and financial objectives and our business generally. For example, we ended our operations and/or sold all of our towers in Colombia and the Philippines and sold substantially all of our operations in Canada. Using our Local Presence to Build Strong Relationships with Major Wireless Service Providers. Given the nature of towers as communications facilities, we believe that substantially all of what we do is done best locally. Consequently, we have broad field organizations across the U.S. and in our international markets that allow us to develop and capitalize on our experience, expertise, and relationships in each of our local markets which in turn enhances our customer relationships. Due to our presence in local markets, we believe we are well positioned to proactively grow and defend our site leasing business and to capture new tower build opportunities in our markets and identify and participate in site development projects across our markets. Controlling our Underlying Land Positions . We believe that a primary component of a strong site leasing business is the ability to control the underlying land positions. Consequently, we have acquired perpetual easements, leases, or other property interests for the land that underlies our tower structures and intend to continue to do so to the extent available at commercially reasonable prices. We believe that these perpetual easements, leases, and other property interests will increase our margins, improve our cash flow from operations, and minimize our exposure to increases in rents for property interests in the future. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 71% of our tower structures were located on land that we own or control for more than 20 years and the average remaining life under our ground leases and other property interests, including renewal options under our control, was 35 years. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 14.5% of our tower structures had ground leases or other property interests maturing in the next 10 years. Exploring Opportunities in Evolving Technologies and Ancillary Services. In addition to our traditional services, we continue to explore ancillary services and evolving technologies that we believe will allow us to create additional value by leveraging our current assets, capabilities, and relationships with wireless and other telecommunications and internet service providers and others by expanding SBA’s business within the growing communications ecosystem. This includes supporting efforts for edge data centers, fiber aggregation and regeneration huts, satellite ground stations, and private networks utilizing cellular and technologies . For example, we are exploring ways to participate in edge computing infrastructure to support existing and future customers’ increasing need to deploy computing capabilities to locations closer to their end users, such as regional data centers and smaller local data centers located at the base of our towers. SBA currently owns two regional data centers in the U.S. and one regional data center in Brazil, as well as data centers, which were acquired as part of our broader efforts to learn and evaluate developing technologies. With regard to networks, SBA works with real estate developers in deploying networks that are accessible throughout a community’s various common areas and resident amenities. We have also partnered with carriers and consumer retailers in developing systems for the offloading of data to wireless networks. Industry Developments We believe that growing wireless data traffic will require wireless service providers to continue to increase the capacity of their networks, and we believe that continued capacity increases will require our customers to install equipment at new sites and add new equipment at existing sites. We expect that the wireless communications industry will continue to experience growth as a result of the following trends:  Consumers are increasing their demand for wireless connectivity due to the adoption of wireless data applications, such as streaming, generative artificial intelligence, banking, gaming, social networking, enhanced web browsing, and applications. According to a report published by Ericsson in November 2 Table of Contents 2025, global total mobile network traffic was estimated to reach around 197 exabytes per month by the end of 2025 and is projected to grow by a factor of 1.4x to reach 482 exabytes per month in 2031.  The velocity of spectrum development is expected to remain dynamic as carriers continue to deploy new bands and optimize bands that are currently in service, both of which activities we expect will require carriers to install equipment at new sites and add new equipment at existing sites. For example, past and future spectrum auctions, such as Auction 108, Auction 110 and Auction 113 in the U.S. are expected to continue to contribute to growth in the upcoming years. In addition, the continued deployment of 5G wireless technologies is expected to increase equipment installation at existing sites and may increase the need for new sites.  Consumers list network quality as a key contributor when terminating or changing service. To remain competitive and to decrease subscriber churn rates, wireless carriers have made substantial capital investments into their wireless networks to improve service quality and expand coverage. We expect wireless carriers to continue to expend capital to differentiate their product offerings. In addition, increased use of artificial intelligence and emerging applications may drive increased need for reliable, secure, and interconnected wireless solutions. We believe that the worldwide wireless industry will continue to grow and is reasonably , highly competitive and focused on quality and advanced services; therefore, we expect that we will see a trend of additional demand for tower space from our customers, which we believe will translate into steady leasing growth for us. Our Businesses Site Leasing Services Our primary focus is the leasing of antenna space on our towers to a variety of wireless service providers under lease contracts in the United States, South America, Central America, and Africa. We derive site leasing revenues primarily from wireless service provider tenants. Wireless service providers enter into (1) individual tenant site leases with us, each of which relates to the lease or use of space at an individual site or (2) master lease agreements (“MLAs”) with us, which provide for the material terms and conditions that will apply to multiple sites; although, in most cases, each individual site under an MLA is also governed by its own site leasing agreement which sets forth pricing and other site specific terms. Our site leasing business generates substantially all of our total segment operating profit, representing 97.4% or more of our total segment operating profit for the past three fiscal years. Our site leasing business is classified into two reportable segments, domestic site leasing and international site leasing. Domestic Site Leasing As of December 31, 2025, we owned 17,394 sites in the United States and its territories. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated 72.6% of our total site leasing revenue from these sites. We derive domestic site leasing revenues primarily from T-Mobile, AT&T Wireless, and Verizon Wireless. In the United States, our tenant leases are generally for an initial term of five years to ten years with multiple renewal periods at the option of the tenant. These tenant leases typically contain specific annual rent escalators, including renewal option periods. Our ground leases and other property interests in the United States are generally for an initial term of five years or more with multiple renewal periods, which are at our option, and provide for specific annual rent escalators. As of December 31, 2025, no U.S. state or territory accounted for more than 10% of our total tower portfolio by tower count, and no U.S. state or territory accounted for more than 10% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. International Site Leasing We currently own and operate towers in 12 international markets throughout South America, Central America, and Africa. As of December 31, 2025, we owned 28,934 sites in our international markets, of which approximately 30% and 10% of our total towers are located in Brazil and Guatemala, respectively, and no other international market (each country is considered a market) represented more than 5% of our total towers. Our operations in our international markets are primarily in the site leasing business, and we continue to focus on growing our international site leasing business through the acquisition and development of towers and organic growth. We derive international site leasing revenues from all the major carriers in each of the 12 countries in which we operate. Our tenant leases are generally for an initial term of five years to fifteen years with multiple renewal periods at the option of the tenant. Our tenant leases typically either (1) contain specific annual rent escalators, (2) escalate annually in accordance with an inflationary index, or (3) escalate using a combination of fixed and inflation adjusted escalators. In addition, our international site leases may include charges, such as rent related to ground leases and other property interests, utilities, property taxes, and fuel. 3 Table of Contents In our international markets, ground leases and other property interests are generally for an initial term of five years or more with multiple renewal periods, which are at our option. Our ground leases typically either (1) contain specific annual rent escalators or (2) escalate annually in accordance with an inflationary index. In Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama, substantially all of our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures arising from our activities are denominated in U.S. dollars. Specifically, most of our ground leases and other property interests, tenant leases, and expenses are paid in U.S. dollars. In most of our Central American markets, our local currency obligations are principally limited to (1) permitting and other local fees, (2) utilities, and (3) taxes. In Brazil, Chile, and South Africa, substantially all of our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures, including tenant leases, ground leases and other property interests, and other expenses are denominated in local currency. In Costa Rica, Peru, and Tanzania, our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures, including tenant leases, ground leases and other property interests, and other expenses are denominated in a mix of local currency and U.S. dollars. Site Development Services Our site development business, which is conducted in the United States only, is complementary to our site leasing business and provides us the ability to keep in close contact with the wireless service providers who generate substantially all of our site leasing revenue and to capture ancillary revenues that are generated by our site leasing activities, such as antenna and equipment installation at our tower locations. Site development services revenues are earned primarily from providing a full range of services to wireless service providers or companies providing development or project management services to wireless service providers. Our services include: (1) network ; (2) site audits; (3) identification of potential locations for towers and antennas on existing infrastructure; (4) support in leasing of the location; (5) assistance in obtaining zoning approvals and permits; (6) tower and related site construction; (7) antenna installation; and (8) radio equipment installation, commissioning, and maintenance. We provide site development services at our towers and at towers owned by others on a local basis through regional, market, and project offices. The market offices are responsible for all site development operations. Customers We depend on a relatively small number of customers for our site leasing and site development revenues. The following customers represented at least 10% of our total revenues during the last three years: For the year ended December 31, Percentage of Total Revenues 2025 2024 2023 T-Mobile 31.1% 30.5% 32.5% AT&T Wireless 20.3% 20.6% 19.5% Verizon Wireless 15.1% 15.1% 14.6% In addition to the Big 3 wireless carriers (T-Mobile, AT&T Wireless, Verizon Wireless), we also provided services or leased space to a number of other customers during 2025 including: Airtel Tanzania Liberty Technologies Telefonica C Spire (f/k/a Cellular South) MTN Tigo Claro Rain TIM Entel SouthernLinc Vodacom GIT Telkom YAS Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing goals are to:  use existing relationships and develop new relationships with wireless service providers to lease antenna space on and sell related services with respect to our owned towers or managed properties, enabling us to grow our site leasing business; and  successfully bid and win those site development services contracts that will contribute to our operating margins and/or provide a financial or strategic benefit to our site leasing business. We approach sales on a basis, involving many of our employees. We have a dedicated sales force that is supplemented by members of our management team to sell our services and cultivate customer relationships. Our strategy is to delegate sales efforts by geographic region or to those employees of ours who have the best relationships with our customers. Most wireless service providers have national corporate headquarters with regional and local offices. We believe that wireless service providers make most decisions for site development and site leasing services at the regional and local levels with input from their 4 Table of Contents corporate headquarters. Our sales representatives work with wireless service provider representatives at the regional and local levels and at the national level when appropriate. Our sales staff’s compensation is heavily weighted to goals and measurements. Competition Domestic Site Leasing – In the U.S., our primary competitors for our site leasing activities are (1) large independent tower companies including American Tower Corporation and Crown Castle International; (2) a number of regional independent tower owners; (3) wireless service providers that own and operate their own towers and lease, or may in the future decide to lease, antenna space to other providers; (4) owners and operators of alternative facilities such as rooftops, outdoor and indoor distributed antenna system (“DAS”) networks, billboards, utility poles, and electric transmission towers; and (5) owners and operators of alternative wireless technology systems and architectures. International Site Leasing – Internationally, our competition consists of wireless service providers that own and operate their own tower networks, large multinational, national, and regional independent tower companies, and alternative facilities such as rooftop, outdoor and indoor networks, billboards, utility poles, and electric transmission towers. We believe that tower location and capacity, quality of service, density within a geographic market, and price historically have been, and will continue to be, the most significant competitive factors affecting the domestic and international site leasing business. Site Development – The site development business is competitive and price sensitive. We believe that the majority of our competitors in the U.S. site development business operate within local region and market areas, while some firms offer their services nationally. The market includes participants from a variety of market segments offering individual, or combinations of, competing services. The field of competitors includes site development companies, zoning consultants, real estate firms, wireless construction companies, tower owners, telecommunications equipment vendors, which provide site development services through multiple subcontractors, and wireless service providers’ internal staff. We believe that providers base their decisions for site development services on a number of criteria, including company experience, price, track record, local reputation, geographic reach, and time for completion of a project. Human Capital Our corporate offices are located in Boca Raton, Florida. We also have employees located in our international, regional, and local offices. As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,844 employees of which 663 were based outside of the U.S. and its territories. Talent Management. We recognize the value of attracting, developing, engaging, and retaining our talent. We invest in our employees’ professional growth and development by providing resources and opportunities to develop their skills and expand their expertise. We pride ourselves on our ownership mindset, agility and team spirit and provide customer service with quality and integrity. We are committed to building a pipeline of future business leaders by recruiting and retaining talent from the communities and markets we serve. Health and Safety . At SBA, providing a safe and healthy work environment for the protection of our employees is paramount. The safety of our tower technicians has been a critical focus of the company since our founding. In 2013, we opened our central training facility "Tower U" which provides a rigorous safety certification program that is required for our tower technicians. We are proud that our average incident rate in the U.S. (days away from work due to workplace incidents) for 2025 was below the 2024 Bureau of Labor benchmark. Regulatory and Environmental Matters Federal Regulations. In the U.S., which accounted for 72.6% of our total site leasing revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025, both the Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”) and the Federal Aviation Administration (the “FAA”) regulate towers. Many FAA requirements are implemented in FCC regulations. These regulations govern the construction, lighting, and painting or other marking of towers, as well as the maintenance, inspection, and record keeping related to towers, and may, depending on the characteristics of particular towers, require prior approval and registration of towers before they may be constructed, altered, or used. Wireless communications equipment and radio or television stations antennas operating on towers are separately regulated and may require independent customer licensing depending upon the particular frequency or frequency band used. In addition, any applicant for an FCC tower structure registration (through the FCC’s Antenna Structure Registration System) must certify that, consistent with the Abuse Act of 1988, neither the applicant nor its principals are subject to a denial of federal benefits 5 Table of Contents because of a conviction for the possession or distribution of a controlled substance. New tower construction also requires approval from the state or local governing authority for the proposed site, compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act (“NEPA”), compliance with the National Historic Preservation Act (“NHPA”), compliance with the Endangered Species Act (“ESA”), and may require notification to the FAA and registration with the FCC. Pursuant to the requirements of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, the FCC, in conjunction with the FAA, has developed standards to consider proposals involving new or modified towers. These standards mandate that the FCC and the FAA consider the height of the proposed tower, the relationship of the tower to existing natural or obstructions, and the proximity of the tower to runways and airports. Proposals to construct or to modify existing towers above certain heights must be reviewed by the FAA to ensure the structure will not present a hazard to air navigation. The FAA may condition its issuance of a determination upon compliance with specified lighting and/or painting requirements. Towers that meet certain height and location criteria must also be registered with the FCC. A tower that requires FAA clearance will not be registered with the FCC until it is cleared by the FAA. The FCC’s Antenna Structure Registration (ASR) will include any FAA required lighting and/or painting. Owners of wireless communications towers have an obligation to maintain painting and lighting or other marking in conformance with FAA and FCC regulations. While the FCC requires owners to register and exercise primary responsibility for painting and lighting of antenna structures meeting the registration criteria, licensees, and permittees, collocated on the tower or antenna structure, are also responsible to ensure that the structure maintains all FAA and FCC painting and lighting requirements. Owners and operators of towers may be subject to, and therefore must comply with, environmental laws, including NEPA, NHPA, and ESA (as discussed below). We generally indemnify our customers against any failure to comply with legal and regulatory compliance requirements applicable to tower owners or operators relating to the construction, modification, or placement of towers. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements may lead to civil penalties. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 amended the Communications Act of 1934 by preserving state and local zoning authorities’ jurisdiction over the construction, modification, and placement of towers. The law, however, limits local zoning authority by prohibiting any action that would discriminate among different providers of personal wireless services or ban altogether the construction, modification, or placement of radio communication towers. Finally, the Telecommunications Act of 1996 and the FCC’s rules implementing that Act require the federal government to help licensees for wireless communications services gain access to preferred sites on federal property for their facilities. This may require that federal agencies and departments work directly with licensees to make federal property available for tower facilities. Operators of towers must also take into consideration certain radio frequency (“RF”) emissions regulations that impose a variety of procedural and operating requirements. Certain proposals to operate wireless communications and radio or television stations from tower structures are also reviewed by the FCC to ensure compliance with requirements relating to human exposure to RF emissions. Environmental Regulation . As an owner and operator of real property, we are subject to certain environmental laws that impose strict, joint and several liability for the cleanup of or contamination and related personal injury or property damage. In order to comply with certain environmental laws that govern tower placement and may require environmental studies, we evaluate potential environmental impacts of tower site locations with respect to (1) wilderness areas or wildlife preserves, (2) threatened and endangered species or their habitats, (3) the National Register of Historic Places or Indian religious and cultural sites, (4) World Heritage areas and International Union for Conservation of Nature Category I-IV protected areas, (5) floodplains, (6) the necessity to make significant changes in surface features (e.g., in wetlands, water diversions, considerable ground disturbance, deforestation), (7) migratory birds if the towers are over 450 feet, (8) lighting in a residential area, (9) RF radiation over limits, and (10) similar considerations under the laws or best practices of our international markets. When a tower site is impacted by any of the listed categories, we complete an environmental assessment and obtain necessary approval from the appropriate regulatory agency, which may include steps to mitigate the impact of construction or operation of the site. Our regional site managers regularly inspect our tower sites and report on any environmental or compliance issues. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with and we have no material liability under any applicable environmental laws. These costs of compliance with existing or future environmental laws and liability related thereto may have a material adverse effect on our prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. State and Local Regulations . Most states regulate certain aspects of real estate acquisition, leasing activities, and construction activities. Where required, we conduct the site acquisition portions of our site development services business through licensed real 6 Table of Contents estate brokers’ agents, who may be our employees or hired as independent contractors, and conduct the construction portions of our site development services through licensed contractors, who may be our employees or independent contractors. Local regulations include city and other local ordinances, zoning restrictions, and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers. These regulations vary greatly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but typically require tower owners to obtain approval from local officials or community standards organizations, or certain other entities prior to tower construction and establish regulations regarding maintenance and removal of towers. FCC rules establish presumptively reasonable time periods for state and local authorities to act on applications to collocate a facility or deploy a facility, such as a tower. In addition, many local zoning authorities require tower owners to post bonds or cash collateral to secure their removal obligations. International Regulations . Regulatory regimes outside of the U.S. and its territories vary by country and locality; however, these regulations typically require tower owners and/or licensees to obtain approval from local officials or government agencies prior to tower construction or modification or the addition of a new antenna to an existing tower. Additionally, some regulations include ongoing obligations regarding painting, lighting, and maintenance. Our international operations may also be subject to limitations on foreign ownership of land in certain areas. Based on our experience to date, these regimes have been similar to, but not more rigorous, burdensome, or comprehensive than, those in the U.S. with such regulations may lead to monetary penalties or deconstruction orders. Our international operations are also subject to various regulations and guidelines regarding employee relations and other occupational health and safety matters. As we expand our operations into additional international geographic areas, we will be subject to regulations in these jurisdictions. Availability of Reports and Other Information SBA Communications Corporation was incorporated in the State of Florida in March 1997 and is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) for federal income tax purposes. Our corporate website is www.sbasite.com . We make available, free of charge, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A and amendments to those materials filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), on our website under “Investors – SEC Filings,” as soon as reasonably practicable after we file electronically such material with, or furnish it to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”). ‎ 7 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business We depend on a relatively small number of customers for most of our revenue, and the loss or financial instability of any of our significant customers may materially decrease our revenue and adversely affect our financial condition. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a small number of customers. In the United States and in most of our international markets, there are only two to three primary wireless carriers. Consequently, a reduction in demand for site leasing, reduced future capital expenditures or operating expenses on the networks, or the loss, as a result of bankruptcy, merger with other customers of ours or otherwise, of any of our largest customers could materially decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our growth. Furthermore, while many of our tenants in our international markets are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies, these subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities, which may impact their creditworthiness. Our growth projections are based on our beliefs regarding future revenue from these customers, and such projections could be adversely affected by the loss, consolidation, or financial instability of these customers. We derive revenue through numerous site leasing and site development contracts. In the United States and our international markets, each site leasing contract relates to the lease of space at an individual tower and is generally for an initial term of five years to fifteen years with multiple renewal periods at the option of the tenant. However, if any of our significant site leasing customers were to experience financial difficulty, substantially reduce their capital expenditures or reduce their dependence on leased tower space on our sites and fail to renew their leases with us, our revenues, future revenue growth, and results of operations would be adversely affected. Our site development customers engage us on a basis, and a customer can generally terminate an assignment at any time without penalty. In addition, a customer’s need for site development services can decrease, and we may not be successful in establishing relationships with new customers. Furthermore, our existing customers may not continue to engage us for additional projects. Recently, the U.S. wireless service provider market has reduced to three nationwide wireless service providers, AT&T Wireless, T-Mobile, and Verizon Wireless, and our dependence on these three wireless service providers for our financial and operational growth has been exacerbated. The following is a list of significant customers (representing at least 10% of revenue in any of the last three years) and the percentage of our total revenues for the specified time periods derived from these customers: For the year ended December 31, Percentage of Total Revenues 2025 2024 2023 T-Mobile 31.1% 30.5% 32.5% AT&T Wireless 20.3% 20.6% 19.5% Verizon Wireless 15.1% 15.1% 14.6% We also have customer concentrations with respect to revenues in each of our financial reporting segments: For the year ended December 31, Percentage of Domestic Site Leasing Revenue 2025 2024 2023 T-Mobile 36.8% 38.1% 40.2% AT&T Wireless 30.6% 29.6% 28.6% Verizon Wireless 20.4% 20.1% 19.7% For the year ended December 31, Percentage of International Site Leasing Revenue 2025 2024 2023 Telefonica 19.7% 21.3% 22.5% Claro 18.9% 19.2% 20.2% TIM 13.4% 15.9% 15.7% Tigo (1) 11.3% 5.8% 5.6% (1) The increase in site leasing revenue derived from Tigo was due to the sites purchased from Millicom during the year ended December 31, 2025. 8 Table of Contents For the year ended December 31, Percentage of Site Development Revenue 2025 2024 2023 T-Mobile 77.9% 69.9% 71.5% Verizon Wireless 18.2% 20.1% 16.8% The wireless industry in our international markets has come under competition in recent years which has, and may continue to, adversely affect our international site leasing activities in the near term. In recent years, the wireless industry in our international markets has come under competitive pressures arising from an increase in the number of industry participants (both wireless service providers and tower owners), increased cost of capital and capital expenditure requirements, declining discretionary income and changing technology requirements. These pressures have resulted, and may continue to result, in increases in consolidation of wireless service providers, financial instability of wireless service providers, increased pricing pressures on tower operators and the termination or of site leasing agreements. We expect that the impact of these competitive pressures will continue in the near term as the industry begins to rebalance and as a result, we expect approximately $36.0 million to $40.0 million of churn for the 2026 fiscal year. If we are unable to manage the impact of these competitive pressures or if the competitive dynamics within our international markets do not stabilize in the foreseeable future, it could have a material and adverse effect on our international site leasing revenue, our future growth, and our business. If our wireless service provider customers are unable to access sufficient capital, or unwilling based on the economic cost of such capital or other reasons, to invest in their infrastructure or spectrum, it could reduce our ability to meet our growth expectations. Each wireless service provider must have substantial capital resources and capabilities to deploy new spectrum in their wireless networks, including licenses for spectrum. Increasing interest rates have impacted, and are expected to continue to impact, the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to incur capital expenditures at historic levels to expand their networks, which would adversely affect our future revenue growth rates. For example, certain providers have been, and may in the future be, financially constrained and as a result, may not currently invest in their wireless networks or deploy new spectrum. Higher interest rates increase the economic cost of available capital and may make it less favorable for wireless service providers to obtain capital for investment. If some or all of our wireless service provider customers, or potential customers, are unable to access sufficient capital, or unwilling based on the economic cost of such capital, to invest in the expansion of their networks, it could adversely affect our revenue growth. Wireless capital expenditures may also be adversely impacted by service provider decisions on debt levels, dividends, free cash flow goals, and a variety of other factors. If our wireless service provider customers combine their operations to a significant degree, our future operating results could be adversely affected. Our international, and, to a limited degree, our domestic wireless service providers have and may continue to be subject to consolidation pressures arising from competitive pressures, spectrum limitations, the significant capital expenditures necessary to build out national networks on evolving technology and governmental policies seeking to limit the telecommunications infrastructure footprint within a market. Significant consolidation among our wireless service provider customers has resulted, and is expected to continue to result, in our customers failing to renew existing leases for tower space as a result of overlapping coverage, nearby locations, or reducing future capital expenditures in the aggregate because their existing networks and expansion plans may overlap or be very similar. For example, historically, U.S. wireless service providers have grown through acquisitions. As a result, the combined companies have rationalized duplicative parts of their networks, or networks have been discontinued. During 2020, the consolidation of T-Mobile and Sprint was completed, and we began to experience (“churn”) of certain leases as a result of overlapping and adjacent Sprint leases. We currently expect that this churn will represent approximately $75.0 million of cash site leasing revenue over the next several years. We do not expect the annual churn to be uniform over this period as the timing of the churn will depend on termination rights as well as the needs of the carrier. Future consolidations of wireless service providers could significantly impact the number of our tower leases that are not renewed or the number of new leases that our wireless service provider customers require to expand their networks, which could materially and adversely affect our future operating results. Our variable rate indebtedness and refinancing obligations subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. Pursuant to the terms of our Credit Agreement, the interest rate that we pay on indebtedness incurred under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan varies based on a fixed margin over either a base rate or a Eurodollar rate which references the SOFR rate. As of December 31, 2025, this indebtedness represented approximately $2.7 billion, or 21.1% of our total indebtedness. 9 Table of Contents As a result, we are exposed to interest rate risk. Interest rates, including SOFR, fluctuate periodically and as such may increase in future periods. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. Due to inflationary pressures on the U.S. economy and governmental action to combat inflation, interest rates have risen in the past three years, and interest rates may increase in the future, which will likely increase our interest expense on our variable rate indebtedness and decrease our net income. In addition, increasing interest rates may result in higher interest expense on our current fixed rate indebtedness upon a refinancing. Although we have used interest rate swaps to mitigate our interest rate risk from time to time, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. Furthermore, the increase in our use of derivative instruments increases our exposure to counterparty credit risk to the extent that a counterparty to the instrument fails to meet or perform the terms of the instrument. As of December 31, 2025, we had interest rate swap agreements on our 2024 Term Loan which swap $2.0 billion of notional value accruing interest at one month Term SOFR plus 175 basis points for a blended fixed rate of 5.165% per annum through April 11, 2028. We have a substantial level of indebtedness which may have an adverse effect on our business or limit our ability to take advantage of business, strategic or financing opportunities. As indicated below, we have and will continue to have a significant amount of indebtedness. The following table sets forth our total principal amount of debt and shareholders’ deficit as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: As of December 31, 2025 2024 (in thousands) Total principal amount of indebtedness $ 12,959,750 $ 13,672,750 Shareholders' deficit $ (4,853,519) $ (5,109,938) Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay the principal, interest, or other amounts due on our indebtedness. Subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may also incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, which may have the effect of increasing our total leverage. As a consequence of our indebtedness, (1) demands on our cash resources may increase, (2) we are subject to restrictive covenants that further limit our financial and operating flexibility, and (3) we may choose to institute limits on our indebtedness based on certain considerations including market interest rates, our relative leverage and our strategic plans. For example, as a result of our substantial level of indebtedness and the uncertainties arising in the credit markets and the U.S. economy: • we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • we may have to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing or on our variable rate indebtedness if interest rates rise, thereby reducing our cash flows; • we may find it more difficult to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate requirements that would be in our best interests; • we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the available cash flow to fund other investments, including share repurchases, tower acquisitions, and new build capital expenditures, or to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements; • we may have limited flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or in the industry; • we may have a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies in our industry that are less leveraged; and • we may be required to sell debt or equity securities or sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, in order to meet payment obligations. Our business depends, in part, on the ability of customers to perform under their contractual and financial obligations. Adverse changes in a customer’s financial condition or business operations could result in delayed payments, reduced revenues, contract modifications, or nonperformance. For example, in late 2025, EchoStar (f/k/a DISH Wireless) notified us that it would be discontinuing its network business. In December 2025, EchoStar defaulted on its payment obligations to us and such default has continued into 2026. As a result, we currently expect that this churn will represent approximately $56.0 million of cash site leasing revenue during 2026. While EchoStar’s default, has not had, and is not expected to have, a material adverse effect, any failure of other customers to perform under their contractual and financial obligations to us could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may take certain actions to enforce our 10 Table of Contents rights (including with respect to payment) under our customer contracts, including our contracts with EchoStar, which may be costly, and divert management’s attention, and the outcome of any such enforcement is inherently uncertain. Increasing competition in the tower industry may create pricing pressures or result in that may materially and adversely affect us. Our industry is highly competitive, and our wireless service provider customers often have alternatives for leasing communications infrastructure assets. We believe that tower location and capacity, quality of service, density within a geographic market, and price historically have been and will continue to be the most significant competitive factors affecting the site leasing business. However, competitive pricing pressure for tenants on towers from our competitors have and may in the future result in us entering into MLAs that may impact certain terms of existing or future individual site lease agreements. Terms that may be impacted include pricing discounts, term concessions, and equipment rights. Competition for tenants, whether or not resulting in MLAs, may materially and adversely affect our lease rates or lead to of existing leases. Furthermore, pricing pressures could lead to more prevalent network sharing, both domestically and internationally, which could reduce the demand for our tower space or lead to of existing leases. In addition, the increasing number of towers (1) may provide customers the ability to relocate their antennas to other towers if they determine that a more suitable, efficient or economical location exists, which could lead to of existing leases, or (2) may adversely impact our ability to enter into new customer leases. This impact may be exacerbated if competitors construct towers near our existing towers. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our growth rate and our future operations. In the site leasing business, we compete with: • wireless service providers that own and operate their own towers and lease, or may in the future decide to lease, antenna space to other providers; • national and regional tower companies who may be substantially larger and have greater financial resources than we do; • international tower companies who have been in the international market for a longer period of time than we have; and • alternative facilities such as rooftops, outdoor and indoor DAS networks, billboards, and electric transmission towers. The site development segment of our industry is also competitive. There are numerous large and small companies that offer one or more of the services offered by our site development business. As a result of this competition, margins in this segment may come under pressure. Many of our competitors have lower overhead expenses and therefore may be able to provide services at prices that we consider unprofitable. If margins in this segment were to decrease, our consolidated revenues and our site development segment operating profit could be adversely affected. A slowdown in demand for wireless services could materially and adversely affect our future growth and revenues. We expect a significant portion of our future revenue growth will result from increased leasing activity and investments in the deployment of new or fallow spectrum by our wireless service provider customers. Wireless service providers typically invest in their networks in response to consumer demand for additional or higher quality service. Potential periods of economic downturn or decreases in discretionary income may also reduce consumer spending on, and demand for additional or higher quality wireless services. If consumers significantly reduce their use of wireless services or fail to widely adopt and use new wireless technologies and their products and applications, our wireless service provider customers could experience a reduction in the rate of growth of or a decrease in demand for their services and therefore reduce the amount they invest in their network. In addition, a slowdown may increase competition in the tower industry which may in turn increase our exposure to the risks described herein. Increasing competition may negatively impact our ability to grow our communication site portfolio . We intend to continue growing our tower portfolio, domestically and internationally, through acquisitions and new builds. Our ability to meet our growth targets significantly depends on our ability to build or acquire existing towers that meet our investment requirements. Traditionally, our acquisition strategy has focused on acquiring towers from smaller tower companies, independent tower developers, and wireless service providers. However, as a result of consolidation in the tower industry, there are fewer of these tower transactions available, and there is more competition to acquire existing towers. Increased competition for acquisitions may result in fewer acquisition opportunities for us, higher acquisition prices, and increased difficulty in negotiating and acquiring such towers. Furthermore, to the extent that the tower acquisition opportunities are for significant tower portfolios, some of our competitors and financial sponsors are significantly larger and have greater financial resources than we do. Finally, laws regulating competition, domestically and internationally, may limit our ability to acquire certain portfolios and/or delay our acquisition of certain portfolios. As a result of these risks, the cost of acquiring these towers may be higher than we expect, or we may not be able to meet our annual and tower portfolio growth targets. If we are not able to successfully address these challenges, we may not be able to materially increase our tower portfolio in the through acquisitions. 11 Table of Contents Our ability to build new towers is dependent upon our wireless customers’ needs and the availability of sufficient capital to fund construction, our ability to locate, and acquire at commercially reasonable prices, attractive locations for such towers and our ability to obtain the necessary zoning and permits. Local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers, vary greatly, but typically require antenna tower and structure owners to obtain approval from local officials or community standards organizations prior to tower or structure construction or modification. With respect to our international new builds, our tower construction may be delayed or halted as a result of local zoning restrictions, inconsistencies between laws or other barriers to construction in international markets. Due to these risks, it may take longer to complete our new tower builds than anticipated, domestically and internationally, and the costs of constructing these towers may be higher than we expect, or we may not be able to add as many towers as planned in 2026. With respect to our domestic new builds, attractive locations may be scarce due to the density within a geographic market. If we are not able to increase our new build tower portfolio as anticipated, it could negatively impact our ability to achieve our financial goals. Our international operations are subject to economic, political, and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position. Our current business operations in developing markets, and our expansion into any other international markets in the future, could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not typically experienced in the United States. The site leasing revenues generated by our international operations were approximately 25.0% of our total revenues during the year ended December 31, 2025, and we anticipate that our revenues from our international operations will continue to grow in the future. Accordingly, our business is and will be subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: • laws and regulations that dictate how we operate our towers and conduct business and which may be uncertain, be inconsistent or adversely change, including those relating to zoning, construction, maintenance and environmental matters, and laws related to ownership of real property; • changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions, including inflation or currency devaluation; • laws affecting telecommunications infrastructure including the sharing of such infrastructure; • potential changes in trade restrictions and tariffs that may be proposed by the U.S. and potential retaliatory trade restrictions and tariffs by other countries; • laws and regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital; • changes to existing or new domestic or international tax laws, new or significantly increased municipal fees directed specifically at the ownership and operation of towers, which may be applied and enforced retroactively and could materially affect the profitability of our operations; • expropriation and governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring reversion or divestiture; • governmental regulations and restrictions impacting tower licenses, spectrum licenses, and concessions, including additional restrictions on the use or revocation of such licenses, concessions or spectrum and additional conditions to receive or maintain such licenses; • laws and regulations governing our employee relations, including occupational health and safety matters and employee compensation and benefits matters; • our ability to comply with, and the costs of compliance with, laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar local laws; • our ability to negotiate, and enforce, leases or other contracts on similar terms as that of our U.S. operations; • uncertainties regarding interpretations of our contractual rights to land and towers; • uncertainties regarding legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies between and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial application thereof, and delays in the judicial process; • challenges arising from infrastructure in certain markets; • difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained personnel; and • our ability to provide power to our sites in those international markets that do not have an available electric grid at our tower sites. We are also exposed to risks operating in countries with high levels of inflation, including the risk that inflation rates exceed our fixed escalator percentages in markets where our leases include fixed escalators and the risk that adverse economic conditions may discourage growth in consumer demand and consequently reduce our customers’ demand for our site leasing services. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 12.6% of our tenant leases in our international markets include fixed escalators. Currency fluctuations may negatively affect our results of operations. In Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama, substantially all of our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures arising from our activities are denominated in U.S. dollars. Specifically, most of our ground leases and other property interests, tenant leases, and expenses are paid in U.S. dollars . In Brazil, Chile, and South Africa substantially all 12 Table of Contents of our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures, including tenant leases, ground leases and other property interests, and other expenses are denominated in local currency. In Costa Rica, Peru, and Tanzania, our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures, including tenant leases, ground leases and other property interests, and other expenses are denominated in a mix of local currency and U.S. dollars. Our foreign currency denominated revenues and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 27.4% of our total site leasing revenue was generated by our international operations, of which 21.9% was generated in .S. dollar currencies, including 13.6% which was denominated in Brazilian Reais. The exchange rates between our foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to do so in the future. For example, the Brazilian Real has historically been subject to substantial volatility and weakened 4.0% when comparing the average rate for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. This fluctuation has affected, and may in the future continue to affect, our reported results of operations. Changes in exchange rates between these local currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the recorded levels of site leasing revenue, segment operating profit, assets, and/or liabilities. Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast, and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. Furthermore, we have intercompany loan agreements with our foreign subsidiaries to borrow in U.S. Dollars. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the aggregate amount outstanding under the intercompany loan agreements subject to remeasurement with our foreign subsidiaries was $0.9 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 830, Foreign Currency Matters , we remeasure foreign denominated intercompany loans with the corresponding change in the balance being recorded in Other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as settlement is anticipated or planned in the foreseeable future. Consequently, if the U.S. Dollar strengthens against the Brazilian Real, South African Rand, or the Tanzanian Shilling, our results of operations would be adversely affected. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we recorded an $81.6 million gain and a $156.8 million loss, net of taxes, respectively, on the remeasurement of intercompany loans due to changes in foreign exchange rates. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we repaid $205.0 million under our intercompany loan agreements. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, we made no repayments under our intercompany loan agreements. Delays in the of new spectrum or deployment of new technologies could materially and adversely affect our future growth and revenues. Our ability to grow is dependent on the ability and willingness of our wireless service provider customers to invest in the of new spectrum or new technologies. Much of the future capital investment by domestic wireless service providers is expected to result from the of 5G. However, the of prior spectrum, including 3G and 4G was often delayed and the of this spectrum may encounter similar interruptions. For example, in January 2022, several major U.S. wireless carriers had to temporarily delay deployment of new wireless facilities that were meant to facilitate the evolution of their wireless networks to 5G technology in response to concerns of the aviation industry that those 5G facilities could interfere with equipment used for aviation and could impede aviation safety. Although this issue has been substantially resolved, the deployment of new technologies has resulted, and may continue to result, in unexpected issues that could increase the cost or delay the deployment of new technologies. The FCC continues to auction new bands of spectrum, including Auction 108, Auction 110, and Auction 113. Our customers have been and are expected to be the primary winners of these auctions and subsequently deploy this spectrum on our portfolio which would provide us with a revenue growth opportunity. Any delays or failure of these auctions could negatively impact future demand for our towers. Similarly, any delays in the clearing or availability of this spectrum subsequent to these auctions could delay the related demand for our towers. New technologies or network architecture or changes in a customer’s business model may reduce demand for our wireless infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. Improvements or changes in the efficiency, capacity and range with new technologies, architecture, and design of wireless networks or changes in a wireless service provider customer's business model may reduce the demand for our wireless infrastructure. Also, as customers deploy increased capital to develop and implement new technologies, they may allocate less of their budgets to lease space on our towers. In addition, other technologies and architectures, such as WiFi, DAS, femtocells, other small cells, or satellite (such as low earth orbit) may, in the future, serve as substitutes for, or alternatives to, the traditional macro site communications architecture that is the basis of substantially all of our site leasing business. Certain small cell complementary network technologies or satellite services could shift a portion of our customers’ network investments away from traditional networks, which may reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. The majority of our tower portfolio comprises traditional macro sites and therefore is not as diversified into sites and other technologies and 13 Table of Contents architectures as some of our competitors. Increased use of network sharing, roaming, or resale arrangements, resulting in reduced capital spending or a decision to sell or not renew their spectrum licenses or concessions, or network consolidation between operators could also result in reduction in demand for our wireless infrastructure. Any significant reduction in demand for our wireless infrastructure resulting from new technologies or new architectures or changes in a customer's business model may negatively impact our revenues or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, while we are exploring and investing in ancillary services and emerging technologies, including our mobile edge computing initiative and private networks, those investments may not prove to be profitable . In addition, any failure on our part to evolve with developments in artificial intelligence, which is potentially more and which may require levels of power that our facilities may not be designed to provide, may reduce the demand for our wireless infrastructure to the extent our competitors are more equipped to handle such developments. These factors could also have a material adverse effect on our growth rate since growth opportunities and demand for our tower space as a result of new technologies may not be realized at the times or to the extent anticipated. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results. Our real property interests relating to the land under our tower structures consist primarily of leasehold and interests, fee interests, easements, licenses, , and other similar interests. From time to time, we experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of the agreements for the land under our tower structures, which can affect our ability to access and operate such towers. Further, landowners may not want to renew their agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their property interests to third parties, including property interest aggregators and our competitors, which could affect our ability to renew agreements on commercially viable terms or at all. Further, for various reasons, title to property interests in some of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may not be as certain as title to our property interests in the United States. As of December 31, 2025, the average remaining life under our ground leases and other property interests, including renewal options under our control, was approximately 35 years, and approximately 14.5% of our tower structures have ground leases or other property interests maturing in the next 10 years. Failure to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our site leasing revenue and future growth. We hold some of our towers through rights of use agreements, which are terminable in accordance with the terms of the respective agreements and provide us limited visibility regarding the relationship between the owner of the towers and the land owner. We hold an aggregate of 4,068 towers through right of use agreements, pursuant to which we have the right to use and lease space on the tower to third parties, but do not own the tower. These agreements typically provide for multiple renewal periods, however, as these agreements are contractual, they may be terminated in accordance with their terms. If we were unable to renew our right of use for these agreements, then we would likely lose the revenue generated by the leasing tenants on such towers as the tenants may choose to remain on the tower to the extent feasible. In addition, as we do not own such towers, we are not a party to the ground lease agreement with the owner of the land underlying the towers. Consequently, we may not have visibility to the relationship between the land owner and the tower owner, including the term of any ground lease, and may not have the ability to promptly intervene if the land owner takes, or fails to take action, that would risk continued use of the tower, such as a sale of the parcel to a land aggregator, failure to pay taxes or condemnation actions. If the land owner was unable or unwilling to renew the ground lease with the tower owner, we could lose our ability to use the tower irrespective of our right of use agreement. For example, land owners have attempted, and may in the future attempt, to terminate our right of use agreements, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated $109.2 million of site leasing revenue from right of use towers. If we were to lose a significant number of our right to use towers it could adversely affect our site leasing revenue. We may not be able to fully recognize the anticipated benefits of towers that we acquire. A key element of our growth strategy is to increase our tower portfolio through acquisitions. We are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties as a result of those acquisition activities. These activities may fail to achieve the benefits we expected from the acquisition, or the acquired assets may not meet our internal guidelines for current and future returns, particularly if we are required to place greater reliance on the financial and operational representations and warranties of the sellers in individually material acquisitions. The impact of these risks is further enhanced in acquisitions of towers in international markets, where it may be more difficult to verify all relevant information with respect to the assets being acquired. These risks could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents In addition, acquisitions which would be material in the aggregate may exacerbate the risks inherent with our growth strategy, such as (1) an adverse financial impact if the acquired towers do not achieve the projected financial results, (2) the impact of unanticipated costs associated with such acquisitions on our results of operations, (3) increased demands on our cash resources that may impact our ability to explore other opportunities, (4) undisclosed and assumed liabilities that we may be unable to recover, (5) an adverse impact on our existing customer relationships, (6) additional expenses and exposure to new regulatory, political, and economic risks, and (7) diversion of managerial attention. As part of new acquisitions of tower assets in natural areas, we may assess asset exposure to physical risks and inspect assets for signs of damage to help us understand the degree of exposure to tornadoes, fires, hurricanes, floods, and earthquakes the site may face over the longer term. However, our environmental due diligence may not uncover all natural risks to tower assets that we acquire, and our mitigation measures may not be successful, which could require us to incur significant expenditures and may have an adverse effect on our operations or financial condition. The process of integrating any acquired towers into our operations is also subject to a number of risks and financial impacts, including unforeseen operating difficulties, large expenditures, diversion of management attention, the loss of key customers and/or personnel, our inability to retain or timely find suitable replacements for key employees and management needed to operate the acquired business, and exposure to unanticipated liabilities. These risks may be exacerbated in acquisitions of a material number of towers. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in integrating domestic and international acquisitions into our existing business. The documents governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that could adversely affect our business by limiting our flexibility. The indentures governing the 2020 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes, the Senior Credit Agreement, and the agreement for the mortgage loan underlying the Tower Securities contain restrictive covenants imposing significant operational and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best interests. Among other things, the covenants under each instrument limit our ability to: • merge, consolidate or sell assets; • make restricted payments, including pay dividends or make other distributions; • enter into transactions with affiliates; • enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and • issue guarantees of indebtedness. Additionally, the agreement governing the mortgage loan relating to our Tower Securities contains financial covenants that require that the borrowers maintain, on a consolidated basis, a minimum debt service coverage ratio. To the extent that the debt service coverage ratio, as of the end of any calendar quarter, falls to 1.30 times or lower, then all cash flow in excess of amounts required to make debt service payments, to fund required reserves, to pay management fees and budgeted operating expenses and to make other payments required under the loan documents, referred to as “excess cash flow,” will be deposited into a reserve account instead of being released to the borrowers. The funds in the reserve account will not be released to the borrowers unless the debt service coverage ratio exceeds 1.30 times for two consecutive calendar quarters. If the debt service coverage ratio falls below 1.15 times as of the end of any calendar quarter, then an “amortization period” will commence and all funds on deposit in the reserve account will be applied to prepay the mortgage loan until such time that the debt service coverage ratio exceeds 1.15 times for a calendar quarter. The Senior Credit Agreement, as amended, requires SBA Senior Finance II LLC (“SBA Senior Finance II”) to maintain specific financial ratios, including (1) a ratio of Consolidated Net Debt to Annualized Borrower EBITDA not to exceed 6.5 times for any fiscal quarter and (2) a ratio of Annualized Borrower EBITDA to Annualized Cash Interest Expense (calculated in accordance with the Senior Credit Agreement) of not less than 2.0 times for any fiscal quarter. These covenants could place us at a disadvantage compared to some of our competitors which may have fewer restrictive covenants and may not be required to operate under these restrictions. Further, these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, merger and acquisitions, or other opportunities. If we fail to comply with these covenants, it could result in an event of default under our debt instruments. If any default occurs, all amounts outstanding under our outstanding notes and the Senior Credit Agreement may become immediately due and payable. 15 Table of Contents Our dependence on our subsidiaries for cash flow may negatively affect our business. We are a holding company with no business operations of our own. Our only significant assets are, and are expected to be, the outstanding capital stock and membership interests of our subsidiaries. We conduct, and expect to continue conducting, all of our business operations through our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our ability to pay our obligations is dependent upon dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries to us. Most of our indebtedness is owed directly by our subsidiaries, including the mortgage loan underlying the Tower Securities and any amounts that we may borrow under the Senior Credit Agreement. Consequently, the first use of any cash flow from operations generated by such subsidiaries will be payments of interest and principal, if any, under their respective indebtedness. Other than the cash required to repay amounts due under our 2020 Senior Notes and 2021 Senior Notes and funds to be utilized for stock repurchases and dividend payments, we currently expect that substantially all the earnings and cash flow of ou

[truncated]