.1 2 philipsfullannualreport2.htm .1 philipsfullannualreport2 Annual Report 2025 Better care for more people PDF/printed version This document is the PDF/printed version of the 2025 Annual Report of Royal Philips and has been prepared for ease of use. The 2025 Annual Report was made publicly available pursuant to section 5:25c of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) and was filed with Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets in European single electronic reporting format (the ESEF package) on February 19, 2026. The ESEF package is available on the company’s website at https://www.results.philips.com/downloadcenter#ar25 and includes a human readable XHTML version of the 2025 Annual Report. In any case of discrepancies between this PDF version and the ESEF package, the latter prevails. IFRS basis of presentation The financial information included in this document is based on IFRS, as explained in General information to the Consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise indicated. statements This document contains certain statements. By their nature, these statements involve risk and uncertainty. For more information, please refer to statements and other information. References to Philips References to the company, to Philips or the (Philips) Group or group, relate to Koninklijke Philips N.V. and its subsidiaries, as the context requires. Royal Philips refers to Koninklijke Philips N.V. Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act This document comprises regulated information within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). Statutory financial statements and management report The chapters Group financial statements and Company financial statements contain the statutory financial statements of the company. Under ’Management report’ in section References to the content of this Annual Report we set out which parts of this Annual Report form the Management report within the meaning of Section 2:391 of the Dutch Civil Code. Due to rounding, amounts may not add up precisely to the totals provided in this report. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 2 Contents 2025 at a glance: key figures 4 Our management 7 Message from the CEO 8 Members of the Board of Management and Executive Committee 10 Strategy 12 Strategic focus 13 Business 15 Financial performance 25 Performance summary 26 Results of operations 29 Financial position 33 Cash flow and liquidity 35 Environmental, Social and Governance 38 Environmental 42 Social 48 Governance 53 Supervisory Board 63 Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory Board 64 Members of the Supervisory Board 65 Supervisory Board report 67 Remuneration Report 2025 75 Group financial statements 91 Consolidated statements of income 92 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 92 Consolidated balance sheets 93 Consolidated statements of cash flows 94 Consolidated statements of changes in equity 95 Notes to the Consolidated financial statements 96 Company financial statements 157 Statements of income 158 Balance sheets before appropriation of results 159 Statements of changes in equity 160 Notes to the Company financial statements 161 Sustainability statement 168 Tracking our ESG program 169 General basis for preparation 172 Double Materiality Assessment 175 Environmental information 187 Social information 216 Governance information 236 ESRS table 242 Further information 251 References to the content of this Annual Report 252 Management’s statements and report 253 Independent auditor’s reports 255 Corporate governance report 270 Risk factors and responses 278 How we create value 289 Appropriation of profits 290 Reconciliation of information 291 Other key performance indicators 299 statements and other information 300 Investor information 301 Definitions and abbreviations 303 ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 3 2025 at a glance: key figures1 Sales u Comparable sales growth u Adjusted EBITA margin1 u 17.8 billion EUR 2% 12.3% Free cash flow1 u Circular revenues u Lives improved u 512 million EUR 27.9% 2 billion Employees u Employee engagement index u New patents filed u ~65,000 78% 700 ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 4 1 financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to Reconciliation of information. 2025 at a glance: key highlights Steady growth and margin improvement despite cost pressures and tariffs Read more about Financial performance u Blue Heart sparks dialogue about patient safety, quality, integrity, and speaking up Read more about our culture u Introducing: latest innovations in 3.0T MRI Read more about Precision Diagnosis u Expanding access to care in Indonesia through partnership Read more about our Regions u medtech company among Clarivate Top 100 Global Innovators Read more about Innovation & Design u ECG AI Marketplace, a central location for AI- powered diagnostic tools Read more about Connected Care u 27.9% of sales from circular products and solutions, exceeding 25% target Read more about Environmental impact u Now in the US: Lumea, the Intense Pulsed Light hair removal brand Read more about Personal Health u ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 5 In 2025, we improved the lives of 2 billion people Including 253 million people in underserved communities 2030 target: 2.5 billion people At Philips, we are conscious of our responsibilities towards society and the planet. It is our purpose to improve people’s health and through meaningful innovation. As such, we aim to improve the lives of 2.5 billion people a year by 2030. We define lives improved as a unique touchpoint between a Philips product (or several products) and an individual (user) in a given year that helps improve their health and/or . We have developed an integrated approach, called our lives improved model, to measure how many lives have been improved by our products and solutions in a given year. Consumers and end- users encouraged us to make our calculation methodology publicly available, and use references such as the WHO definitions to measure our impact. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 6 Our management ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 7 Message from the CEO “We delivered for those who count on us and strengthened our foundations. Looking ahead, we are energized by our plan to drive profitable growth to deliver sustainable value.” Roy Jakobs CEO Royal Philips Dear stakeholder, In 2025, amid profound global change, we focused on delivering better care for more people to create value with sustainable impact. When we set out our plan, we were navigating challenging circumstances. Committed to rebuilding our foundations and boosting our innovation power, we went to work with discipline and clarity – making tough choices and determined to execute consistently. In 2025, the results of this work became increasingly visible. Looking back on the year, I am proud of what we delivered and grateful for how we did it. We served the patients, customers and consumers who count on us. We strengthened the fundamentals of our company, creating the foundations to drive sustainable growth in the years ahead. I am deeply grateful to my colleagues for their resilience, focus and determination in executing our strategy while living our culture of impact with care. Throughout the year, we delivered solid progress. We improved order intake and comparable sales growth, reflecting strong demand for our innovations, while achieving meaningful operational improvements. We continued to advance patient safety and quality in a focused, disciplined way. Despite ongoing global uncertainty and an uneven environment, we stayed focused on what we could control, responding to tariff developments, rigorously managing costs and productivity, and simplifying how we work. These actions drove strong order intake, gross and Adjusted EBITA margin expansion and free cash flow generation throughout the year. Seeing the results of our plan in action Reflecting our commitment to patient safety and quality, our number one priority, we continued to strengthen processes, controls and culture. We improved early warning systems and completed major elements of our quality management improvements, and continued to work under the consent decree requirements for Respironics in the US. In early 2025, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected nine global facilities. Observations at three sites resulted in a warning letter in September 2025. Philips is committed to resolving these issues. Building on our previous Timeouts for Patient Safety and Quality, we introduced Blue Heart Day and the Blue Heart Series for all employees. These initiatives enhanced our open, meaningful conversations about patient safety, quality, integrity and speaking up. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 8 In 2025, we delivered several , underlining our innovation power. Philips unveiled its latest innovations in 3.0T MRI, which combine breakthroughs in hardware with software to improve outcomes for both clinicians and patients*. Verida, the world’s first spectral CT powered by AI, advances diagnostic precision while improving clinical and operational performance. In acquiring SpectraWAVE, Inc., we doubled down on therapy and expanded our portfolio in the coronary intervention segment. We also launched new propositions that help shape daily routines in the home – from oral care to baby feeding to personal grooming – and expanded our reach. Our Lumea IPL, launched in the US, brings the world’s number one Intense Pulsed Light hair- removal brand to more people. We introduced an innovative monitoring platform designed to help address critical challenges in cardiac care, with a key component being the Telemetry Monitor 5500. Beyond individual innovations, we focused on how we scale impact through collaboration. A landmark example in 2025 was our partnership with the Ministry of Health in Indonesia, where we are providing nationwide coverage of therapy systems, expanding access to stroke, cardiac and cancer care for a population of more than 280 million people. Such partnerships reinforce our conviction that sustained transformation in healthcare requires deep collaboration across the ecosystem. Executing our plan meant strengthening our operational resilience, which allowed us to quickly respond to the impact of tariff developments. We continued to simplify, reduce complexity and drive productivity. Our teams delivered substantial savings, contributing to improved gross margins and Adjusted EBITA margins. At the same time, we continued our commitment to responsible and sustainable business by advancing our efforts to decarbonize healthcare and operate with transparency across the environmental, social and governance dimensions. The year was one of ongoing cultural progress, where we nurtured our own workforce, strengthened our leadership team and grew vital capabilities, including deepening our domain expertise. I see a company that is more connected, more open and more focused on impact, with engagement rising from 70% in the first half of 2023 to 79% at the end of 2025. Two moments of pride for our workforce in 2025 were the opening of our new headquarters in Amsterdam, which honored Philips’ legacy while marking the beginning of a new chapter, and the announcement of the expansion of our operation in Reedsville, Pennsylvania, as part of our USD 150 million investment in US manufacturing capability for our health technology. I thank the patients and consumers who put their trust in us. I am grateful for impactful collaboration with our customers and partners, and I thank our shareholders for their continued support. Reflecting the progress we have made in executing our plan, reducing risk and strengthening our balance sheet, along with the importance we attach to dividend stability, we propose to maintain the dividend at EUR 0.85 per share, to be in shares or cash at the option of the shareholder. Building on our momentum to deliver impact As we close our plan, we look ahead with confidence. We have launched our plan to drive profitable growth to deliver sustainable value, including our 2026-2028 outlook. We entered this next phase of our strategy having strengthened our core fundamentals, team and culture, resilience and execution agility. Building on this foundation, Philips leverages its scalable innovation advantage, supported by a large global customer base and a trusted brand across healthcare and . Our 2030 Impact Ambitions support our strategy and purpose by embedding three priorities into our business operations and management: improving people’s health and , reducing impact on the environment, and maintaining strong governance for sustainable value creation. As I look to 2026, I am confident and energized. We have the right plan, and the right capabilities, culture and team to deliver it. I remain mindful of the uncertainties that continue to shape the world. Yet I am also encouraged by what we have proven over the past three years. We have momentum. We have a clear direction. And we are united in our ambition to deliver better care for more people. Roy Jakobs Chief Executive Officer Read the full financial performance summary u See the progress in our sustainability program u ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 9 * 3.0T MRI is Work in Progress and not available in the US or any jurisdiction. Its future availability cannot be guaranteed. Members of the Board of Management and Executive Committee Royal Philips has a board structure consisting of a Board of Management and a Supervisory Board, each of which is accountable to the General Meeting of Shareholders for the fulfillment of its respective duties. The Board of Management is entrusted with the management of the company. The other members of the Executive Committee have been appointed to support the Board of Management in the fulfillment of its managerial duties. Please also refer to Board of Management and Executive Committee within the company's Corporate governance report. 14 members 50% female 50% male 8 nationalities Average 25+ years leadership experience within healthcare Members of the Board of Management* Roy Jakobs Born 1974, Dutch and German Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Chairman of the Board of Management and the Executive Committee (since October 2022) Roy joined Philips in 2010 and has held various global leadership positions across the company, starting as Chief Marketing & Strategy Officer for Philips Lighting. In 2012, he became Market Leader for Philips Middle East & Turkey, leading the Healthcare, Consumer, and Lighting businesses out of Dubai. Subsequently, he became global Business Leader of Domestic Appliances, based in Shanghai, in 2015. In 2018, Roy joined the Executive Committee as Chief Business Leader of Personal Health and in early 2020 he started as Chief Business Leader of Connected Care. As Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Management and the Executive Committee, he also holds direct responsibility for Patient Safety and Quality, Medical Office, and Internal Audit. Prior to his career at Philips, he held various management positions at Royal Dutch Shell and RELX. Charlotte Hanneman Born 1978, Dutch Chief Financial Officer Member of the Board of Management and the Executive Committee (since October 2024) Charlotte joined Philips in 2024 and is responsible for Finance, including Investor Relations, Strategy and M&A, as well as Real Estate and Security. Prior to joining Philips, Charlotte served as Controller and Head of Financial Planning & Analysis at global medical technology company Stryker. In this role, she was responsible for external reporting, enterprise financial planning and analysis, and business development finance. She also oversaw indirect procurement and had direct responsibility for finance teams across Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Canada, and Latin America. Earlier in her career, Charlotte held several international finance leadership roles at Stryker and other multinational healthcare companies, including Merck, Schering- Plough and Organon. She has extensive experience working in the US and has lived in multiple countries across Asia and Europe. Marnix van Ginneken Born 1973, Dutch Chief ESG & Legal Officer Member of the Board of Management and the Executive Committee (since November 2017) Marnix became a member of the Executive Committee in 2014 and was appointed a member of Philips’ Board of Management in 2017. He is responsible for driving Environmental, Social and Governance efforts across the company, including sustainability. Marnix is also responsible for Legal, Intellectual Property & Standards, Government & Public Affairs and Communications & Brand. He became Chair of the Board of the Philips Foundation in 2024. He has also been a Professor of International Corporate Governance at the Erasmus School of Law in Rotterdam since 2011. In 2025, Marnix was appointed to the Dutch Monitoring Committee Corporate Governance Code by the Minister of Economic Affairs. Before joining Philips in 2007, Marnix worked for Akzo Nobel, and prior to that he was an attorney in private practice. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 10 * This page reflects the composition of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2025. For a current overview, please refer to our website. Other members of the Executive Committee* Willem Appelo Born 1964, Dutch Executive Vice President Chief Operations Officer Wim joined Philips in 2022, bringing over 30 years of experience in technology and the medical device technology industry, in finance and supply chain management. Steve C de Baca Born 1968, American Executive Vice President Chief Patient Safety & Quality Officer Steve joined Philips in 2023 and brings over 30 years of quality and regulatory affairs experience in the medical technology industry. Jeff DiLullo Born 1969, American Executive Vice President Chief Region Leader, Philips North America Jeff joined Philips in 2019, drawing on more than 30 years of leadership experience in the US Army and the information technology industry. Özlem Fidanci Born 1970, Turkish Executive Vice President Chief of International Region Özlem rejoined in 2025 and has been with Philips more than 27 years. She has extensive expertise and proven leadership across multiple geographies in both the health systems and personal health domains. Deeptha Khanna Born 1976, Singaporean Executive Vice President Chief Business Leader Personal Health Deeptha joined Philips in 2020. She has over 25 years of leadership experience working across Europe, the US and Asia on major global brands and across personal care and the consumer health industry. Ling Liu Born 1974, Chinese Executive Vice President Chief Region Leader, Philips Greater China Ling joined Philips in 1998 and has more than 28 years of experience in leadership roles in Greater China, the Netherlands and North America. Bert van Meurs Born 1961, Dutch Executive Vice President Chief Business Leader Diagnosis and Treatment Bert joined Philips in 1985 and has more than 40 years of experience in the medical imaging interventional and healthcare business. Shez Partovi Born 1967, Canadian Executive Vice President Chief Innovation Officer and Chief Business Leader Enterprise Informatics Shez joined Philips in 2021, bringing over 30 years of clinical (neuroradiology) and healthcare informatics experience, including cloud transformation, machine learning, and AI. Heidi Sichien Born 1974, Belgian Executive Vice President Chief People Officer Heidi joined Philips in 2006 and brings over 19 years of experience in leadership roles in HR across many parts of the company. Julia Strandberg Born 1974, American Executive Vice President Chief Business Leader Connected Care Julia joined Philips in 2023 and has over 20 years of leadership experience in the medical technology industry, especially in monitoring and North America. Jie Xue Born 1973, American and Chinese Executive Vice President Chief Business Leader Diagnosis and Treatment Jie joined Philips in 2025 with over 25 years of leadership experience in the imaging industry, especially in the US. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 11 * This page reflects the composition of the Executive Committee as of December 31, 2025. For a current overview of the Executive Committee members, please refer to our website. Strategy ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 12 Strategic focus In 2023, Philips set out with a plan – focused growth, scalable patient- and innovation, and reliable execution supported by our culture of impact with care – to create value with sustainable impact. We had strengths to build on, including a large installed base, a broad network of partnerships across the globe, and a portfolio of innovations in hardware, software, AI and services, supporting care in the hospital and in the home. We have simplified our operating model, and focused our efforts and resources on fewer projects offering greater scale and impact. And we have built real momentum for the next three years and beyond. At Philips, our purpose is to improve people’s health and through meaningful innovation. As such, we see huge opportunities to make a difference through innovation, design, and sustainability – partnering with our healthcare customers to increase productivity and deliver better care for more people through our innovation platforms of monitoring, imaging, interventional and healthcare informatics. And, empowering more people to take care of their health and through our personal health propositions. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 13 Value with sustainable impact Philips in 2025 delivered on its plan to drive progressive value creation through a strategy of focused growth, scalable patient- and innovation, and reliable execution supported by our culture of impact with care. Our strong heritage in environmental sustainability and social impact helps us make a difference globally. Concentrating our resources where we have strong positions – Image Guided Therapy, Monitoring, Ultrasound, and Personal Health – we aimed to accelerate growth and expand margins more quickly. We focused on clinical workflows in areas where we have domain leadership, such as cardiology, and built on our deep strength in the intensive care unit and cath lab. In the remaining Business Units, we aimed for Adjusted EBITA margin expansion by increasing productivity and scale, and by improving execution. Additionally, we worked to rebuild our position in Sleep & Respiratory Care after the progress made to resolve the effects of the Respironics recall. Accountability for value creation is assigned to the Business Units, supported by lean Functions and Regions following tailored models, all guided by fewer KPIs and more focused targets. To effectively manage the risks associated with the enterprise, we implement balanced responses and monitor their effectiveness. Refer to Risk management and internal control for more information. Learn more about our culture, impact with care u innovation In an increasingly competitive environment, innovation is our strength and will continue to be our core differentiator. We seek to innovate for purpose and impact, addressing pain points across operational and clinical workflows in healthcare, and providing personalized tools that help people take charge of their health and . This is what it means to innovate in the age of intelligence – where AI enhances human expertise and gives caregivers more time to focus on what matters most, and empowers patients and consumers to live their best lives. We believe that the application of AI can enable our products and solutions to deliver better care for more people by automating administrative and repetitive tasks; augmenting clinical capabilities to deliver insights; and enabling quick, agile responses to data and insights. And to ensure that we use, design, develop and deploy AI in a responsible way, we have AI principles that align our AI vision with our company purpose and priorities. Refer to Risk factors and responses for more information about the risks associated with health informatics and AI, and to Business for highlights from 2025. By bringing together expertise across the product life cycle, from research through serviceability, we aim to fulfill customers’ needs and scale to drive maximum impact, while minimizing negative effects on the environment. We believe that acting responsibly toward the planet and society is the best way for us to meet our business goals and create superior, value for Philips’ stakeholders. Refer to Environmental, Social and Governance for an overview of our commitments, and for information on how we act and perform in the environmental and social dimensions and on the main elements of our governance framework. Operational excellence Enabled by a culture of patient- and , accountability and impact, effective execution is a key value driver. The components: • patient safety and quality – our highest priority Read more u • supply chain resilience Read more u • a simplified operating model with an agile way of working Read more u The 5,000th Zenition mobile C-arm system installation is a milestone in expanded access to , efficient surgical and interventional care. See more highlights in Image Guided Therapy u Philips unveiled new offerings in radiation therapy (RT), including the advanced Rembra RT and Areta RT CT scanners, which deliver clearer and more consistent images, as well as its latest innovations in 3.0T MRI. See more highlights in Precision Diagnosis u ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 14 Business Our business structure Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Royal Philips) is the parent company of the Philips Group. The segments Diagnosis & Treatment, Connected Care and Personal Health are responsible for the management of their activities worldwide, and are made of six Businesses, which in turn include a number of Business Units. Philips' operating model puts Business Units in the lead and accountable for value creation through their value streams. Additionally, Royal Philips identifies the segment Other, which includes Innovation & Design, IP royalties, Central costs, and other small items.1 Segments Diagnosis & Treatment Connected Care Personal Health Businesses1: • Image Guided Therapy #1 • Precision Diagnosis #1 in cardiovascular ultrasound #3 in diagnostic imaging Businesses1: • Monitoring #1 in hospital and ambulatory • Enterprise Informatics #1 in PACS and interoperability • Sleep & Respiratory Care #2 in sleep therapy devices and masks The Personal Health Business includes three Business Units1: • Personal Care #1 in grooming • Oral Healthcare #2 • Mother and Child Care #2 in infant feeding Philips Group Total sales by reportable segment Diagnosis & Treatment 48% Connected Care 28% Personal Health 21% Other 3% ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 15 1 Industry rankings are based on internal estimates, as well as publicly available market research and analyst reports per segment (e.g., Euromonitor International Limited). Rankings reflect relative position within each specific industry and are not directly comparable across segments. Diagnosis & Treatment segment The portfolio of innovative solutions supports precision diagnosis and minimally invasive treatment. Our strategy is to focus on more precise and predictive diagnoses, integrating our intelligent imaging systems with our informatics solutions to optimize workflow efficiency and improve productivity. By expanding access to care, we help healthcare providers reach more people. At the same time, we work to maximize the lifetime value of our products and improve resource efficiency. We also provide integrated solutions that combine imaging systems and advanced clinical software, as well as diagnostic and therapeutic devices and services. We are driving further innovation to treat new and more complex patient pools, using clinical and economic evidence to foster the adoption of these solutions, and that translates into guidelines and reimbursement. The Diagnosis & Treatment segment consists of the following Businesses: • Precision Diagnosis – This Business offers a range of diagnostic imaging products, solutions and services to address some of our customers’ biggest challenges, from staff shortages and burnout to image quality and workflow, to ultimately delivering better care for their patients. • Ultrasound Business Unit – imaging solutions that are enabled by proprietary AI software, advanced imaging technology and tele- ultrasound to offer guidance for cardiac, general imaging, obstetrics/gynecology, and applications. • Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Business Unit – BlueSeal portfolio with operations, bundled with AI- enabled software. • Computed Tomography (CT) Business Unit – advanced systems and software, including Spectral CT and systems equipped with advanced AI capabilities, for diagnosis, interventional procedures and screening. • Diagnostic X-ray Business Unit – X-ray and fluoroscopy systems with associated software. • Image Guided Therapy – This Business includes a portfolio of integrated interventional imaging systems, smart devices, and software, as well as services. Building upon our Azurion platform, we address a range of interventional clinical segments with high procedural growth rates, such as coronary artery disease, peripheral artery and venous disease, electrophysiology, structural heart disease, neuroradiology, and oncology. • Image Guided Therapy Systems Business Unit – integrated interventional X-ray systems (fixed and mobile surgery) and software solutions, supported by AI, to perform a wide range of routine and complex interventional procedures. • Image Guided Therapy Devices Business Unit – interventional specialty devices and software to aid in diagnosis, navigation, treatment and confirmation. Complemented by integration with Image Guided Therapy Systems. Diagnosis & Treatment Total sales by Business Precision Diagnosis 1 59% Image Guided Therapy ² 41% 2025 1 of which Magnetic Resonance Imaging 35%, Ultrasound 32%, Computed Tomography 20%, Diagnostic X-ray 9%, other 5% 2 of which Image Guided Therapy Systems 68%, Image Guided Therapy Devices 32% Revenue is predominantly earned through the sale of products, leasing, customer services fees, recurring fees for disposable devices, and software license fees. For certain offerings, fees or fees are earned over the contract term. Sales channels are a mix of direct sales, especially in the larger markets, distributors and online sales. This varies by product, market and price segment. Our sales organizations have an intimate knowledge of technologies and clinical applications, as well as the solutions necessary to meet the needs of our customers. Sales in the Diagnosis & Treatment Businesses are generally higher in the second half of the year, largely due to the timing of customer spending patterns. Addressing challenges In 2025, we took steps to strengthen the performance and impact of our Precision Diagnosis business, including actions aimed at enhancing quality and operations across all Business Units and stepping up commercial execution to land our latest innovations. We worked on fostering a culture of continuous improvement and accountability. We also built strong momentum in our Image Guided Therapy Business, driving continued growth and reinvesting gains into innovation. We continued our efforts to, , improve productivity; shorten delivery timelines by reducing variability; and optimize our portfolio. These are enablers to increase resilience and reduce the negative impact of tariff developments. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 16 2025 developments: Diagnosis & Treatment • Philips unveiled its latest innovations in 3.0T MRI1, further advancing sustainability and precision in diagnostic imaging. • With the launch of SmartSpeed Precise with Integrated Dual AI, MR scans can be delivered up to faster with up to 80% sharper images; plus, the Smart Reading AI solutions, in partnership with Cortechs.ai, aim to enable workflows. • Philips launched Verida, its flagship spectral CT system, with Spectral Precise Image technology to offer sharper, more conclusive diagnostic insights in a single scan. • In Diagnostic X-Ray, Philips extended the Radiography 7300 C serviceable life to 20 years, helping customers manage costs and support more sustainable use. • A trio of Ultrasound innovations, engineered to accelerate diagnoses and elevate confidence: Flash Ultrasound System 5100 POC for critical care moments; Transcend Plus, the EPIQ CVx and Affiniti CVx cardiovascular systems; and Elevate software for the EPIQ Elite and Affiniti imaging platforms, with automation designed to assess liver health. • Philips launched the RADIQAL clinical trial across multiple hospitals. This study will test the effectiveness of Philips’ new dose technology, SmartIQ, in reducing radiation without impacting coronary procedure performance. • results from the iMODERN study support the use of minimally invasive treatments for acute myocardial infarctions. Philips enabled both invasive and non- invasive approaches in the 1,146-patient trial. • Now available in Europe, the VeriSight Pro 3D ICE catheter offers enhanced procedural guidance without general anesthesia, supporting efficient, care for structural heart disease. • DeviceGuide, an solution built on the EchoNavigator platform and developed with Edwards Lifesciences, offers imaging guidance to physicians repairing leaking heart valves. • European clinicians gained access to SmartCT, an intelligent 3D imaging solution integrated with the Azurion platform, helping diagnose and treat stroke faster and more confidently. Leiden University Medical Center opened the new Leiden Image Guided Therapy Center in partnership with Philips, equipped with advanced therapy systems such as Azurion, AngioCT Spectral, and Zenition 70 C-arms. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 17 1 3.0T MRI is Work in Progress and not available in the US or any jurisdiction. Its future availability cannot be guaranteed. Connected Care segment Connected Care supports healthcare providers across hospital, ambulatory and home settings with advanced monitoring, diagnostics, informatics and sleep therapy solutions that connect data and insights across the care continuum. At the core of this portfolio is Philips’ informatics and data platform, which provides a complete and continuous view of patient conditions. This foundation enables clinical algorithms and operational analytics that enhance diagnostics, workflow efficiency and system performance across the enterprise. This platform also helps Connected Care increase access to care in medically underserved communities. Philips continues to deploy AI at scale – including through our ECG AI Marketplace, which brings cardiac diagnostic algorithms directly to the point of care. Connected Care also drives sustainable value propositions through its EcoDesigned new product introductions that are more energy- and , helping customers do more with less environmental impact. We believe that by combining data, devices, intelligence and more sustainable solutions, Connected Care is a differentiated platform partner. The Connected Care segment consists of the following Businesses. Monitoring – Monitoring delivers patient monitoring and diagnostic solutions across care settings. In 2025, the Business advanced its role as a key partner to health systems by strengthening continuous monitoring capabilities that improve patient visibility and operational efficiency. • Hospital Patient Monitoring Business Unit – includes monitoring devices (e.g., bedside and transport monitors, fetal and maternal monitors), central monitoring systems, software solutions and mobile apps, with option for flexible subscription models such as Enterprise Monitoring (EMaaS). • Ambulatory Monitoring & Diagnostics Business Unit – provides remote cardiac monitoring and diagnostic services that connect care from hospital to home. Through this service, Philips helps support on- time discharge from hospitals with companion monitoring. • Emergency Care Business Unit – focuses on management, including automated external defibrillators and emergency response devices for professional and consumer use. On January 28, 2025, Philips announced an agreement to sell this Business Unit, and the transaction was completed by the end of the year. It is now operating as an independent company under the name Heartstream. Enterprise Informatics – Our portfolio delivers , , and interoperable solutions that streamline workflows and deliver actionable insights. By connecting data across specialties and care settings, we help healthcare providers increase efficiency, improve collaboration, and deliver better patient outcomes. • Imaging Informatics Business Unit – offers solutions for radiology and cardiology, including enterprise imaging, PACS, workflow orchestration, cardiology workflow applications and reporting. • Clinical Informatics Business Unit – provides solutions for acute and virtual care, radiology, pathology, and urology. Sleep & Respiratory Care – Working with clinical partners and home medical equipment providers, Philips delivers integrated solutions for sleep and respiratory care – spanning diagnostics and therapy for sleep apnea and chronic respiratory conditions. Philips is a leader in the global sleep therapy market, supported by a strong masks and accessories portfolio and an established international presence (including sleep therapy and respiratory solutions) across the portfolio. Under the consent decree with the US Department of Justice and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Philips continues to execute a defined plan to meet the regulators’ requirements and restore the business. As of December 2025, more than 99% of registered CPAP and BiPAP devices affected by the 2021 voluntary recall have been remediated globally, with closures completed in 31 countries and the remainder expected through 2026. Ventilator remediation continues in coordination with the relevant authorities. In the US, Respironics will continue to service sleep and respiratory care devices already with healthcare providers and patients. Philips Respironics will also supply accessories, consumables, and replacement parts. Until the relevant requirements of the consent decree are met, Respironics will not sell new CPAP or BiPAP sleep therapy devices or other respiratory care devices in the US. Outside the US, Respironics will continue to provide new sleep and respiratory care devices, accessories, consumables, replacement parts, and services, subject to certain requirements. Connected Care Total sales by Business Monitoring 1 59% Enterprise Informatics 2 22% Sleep & Respiratory Care 19% 2025 1 of which Hospital Patient Monitoring 78%, Ambulatory Monitoring & Diagnostics 13%, Emergency Care 8% 2 of which Imaging Informatics 53%, Clinical Informatics 47% In most of the Connected Care Businesses and Business Units, revenue is earned through the sale of products and solutions, as well as services and software licenses. Some commercial models (including offerings) result in earnings models and revenue streams. In the area of patient care management (Ambulatory Monitoring & Diagnostics Business Unit and Sleep & Respiratory Care Business), revenue is generated through clinical services, product sales and rental models, whereby revenue is generated over time. Sales channels include a mix of direct sales, partly paired with an online sales portal and distributors. Sales in the Connected Care Businesses are generally higher in the second half of the year, largely due to customer spending patterns. Addressing challenges In 2025, we took action to address geopolitical risks impacting health systems directly. Tariff developments globally led to a focus on cost predictability. This was compounded by changes in healthcare funding in the US and the EU, which led to Medicaid, rural and care initiatives. We positioned Philips as a partner in driving productivity improvements, reducing vendor complexity, and supporting financial predictability – through Enterprise Monitoring and productivity-driving software solutions. We also worked with government agencies, industry partners and providers to mitigate cybersecurity threats by closing security gaps and by strengthening digital resilience. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 18 2025 developments: Connected Care • Significant partnerships in the US and Europe: monitoring partnerships with integrated delivery networks and health systems, including Rush University System for Health in the midwestern US, as well as Enterprise Monitoring (EMaaS) arrangements with leading systems, including Hoag and Rady Children’s Hospital in California. • Philips and Getinge formed a commercial partnership in Europe that combines Philips’ monitoring solutions with Getinge’s leading anesthesia care products, to provide a single point of contact for purchasing and support. • A renewed collaboration with Masimo aims to integrate advanced technologies in Philips’ patient monitoring platforms. • Philips announced a collaboration with Epic Systems, the leading electronic health record company, to integrate Philips’ suite of cardiac ambulatory monitoring and diagnostics services with Epic Systems’ specialty diagnostics suite. This collaboration will make the broadest cardiac care portfolio offered by any single service provider that has integrated with Aura . • The new ECG AI Marketplace platform gives cardiac care teams access to multiple vendor offerings in one location, to help clinicians manage and implement diagnostic tools more easily. • As part of a national agreement with Optum Healthcare in the US, Philips has become a preferred provider for cardiac ambulatory monitoring services. The deal made Philips’ Mobile Cardiac Telemetry and Extended Holter (ePatch) solutions available to about 3.4 million Optum members across 22 states. • Philips signed partnerships to improve patient monitoring and modernize workflows with Citadell Hospital in Belgium, the region of Norrbotten in Sweden, and Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein in Brazil. • HealthSuite’s cloud services launched in Europe, managed by Philips and hosted on AWS; almost 300 customer sites were live by year’s end. In the US, about 12 million medical imaging studies will be migrated to the cloud for Rochester Regional Health in New York. • The Vue PACS, Image Management 15, offers a , diagnostic viewer with full radiology capabilities. Philips introduced an innovative telemetry platform designed to help address critical challenges in healthcare – including staff shortages and alarm management. A key component of the solution is the Telemetry Monitor 5500, which offers a approach to operational performance and patient care for cardiac monitoring. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 19 Personal Health segment Our Personal Health segment enables individual care routines with technology and solutions that support people’s health and . Through our Personal Health Business, we offer a broad range of solutions in various consumer price segments, with locally relevant innovations in some markets. We aim to drive profitable growth through a focus on innovation across three key areas: • reaching more people through innovation of products and solutions • ensuring the highest quality of consumer experience from pre- purchase consideration through to purchase and unboxing, all the way to recycling • expanding our ecosystem through partnerships with leading retailers and scaling new business models, such as and subscription services A notable aspect of our commercial strategy is driving - consumer relationships and sales through consumer communities and our online store. We are also leveraging connectivity, partnering with key players in the health ecosystem, such as insurance companies and healthcare professionals, and – through social media and digital innovation – engaging consumers in their health journey in new and impactful ways. In Personal Health, improving lives also means caring for the planet, with a key focus on environmental sustainability. In 2025, product launches continued to reflect the brand’s efforts to reduce usage of virgin plastics. For example, with the Philips Avent Ultra Soother range, pacifiers and sterilizer cases are now made using 80% materials*, and Philips Sonicare brush heads are now made from 70% plastic, with packaging that is made from 50% recycled materials and is 100% recyclable. The Personal Health segment consists of a single Business, with three Business Units. Personal Health – To help people take greater control of their personal health and , we deliver sustainable, meaningful solutions that help them to take care of themselves and their families, for happier, healthier lives, today and tomorrow. • Personal Care Business Unit – grooming and beauty products ranging from to premium. The grooming portfolio includes shavers, OneBlade, groomers, trimmers, and hair clippers, as well as premium solutions with SenseIQ Pro technology, powered by AI, in- app coaching for a personalized shave, and blade subscriptions. The beauty portfolio includes devices to support skin care, hair care and hair removal, including Lumea premium Intense Pulsed Light hair removal devices and solutions with the latest SenseIQ technology that sense and adapt for personalized care; these are also available through subscription models. • Oral Healthcare Business Unit – power toothbrushes for a range of price segments, from , toothbrushes for a young audience to premium power toothbrushes connected to the Sonicare app with coaching; brush heads, which are also available as a subscription service; and products for interdental cleaning and for and teeth whitening. • Mother and Child Care Business Unit – products to support parents and babies in the first 1,000 days, including infant feeding (breast pumps, baby bottles and sterilizers), connected baby monitors powered by AI, and digital parental and women’s health solutions (Pregnancy+ and Baby+ apps). Personal Health Total sales by Business Personal Health 1 100% 2025 1 of which Personal Care 55%, Oral Healthcare 33%, Mother and Child Care 11% The revenue model is mainly based on product sales at the point in time the products are delivered to retailers and online platforms. We continue to increase revenue model diversity by expanding our business models, including , subscriptions, and offerings and services. The Personal Health Business experiences seasonality, with higher sales around key events and holidays. Addressing challenges In 2025, we took action to address the challenges posed by tariff developments in various jurisdictions. Through close planning with key retail and distribution partners, we adjusted supply chain strategies, improved forecasting, and adapted pricing structures. This disciplined approach helped us manage volatility in our operating environment while maintaining supply continuity and supporting customer relationships. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 20 * Hard plastic parts excluding silicone nipple (mass balance approach). 2025 developments: Personal Health Philips launched the i9000 Prestige Ultra electric shaver range, powered by AI and tailored to user preferences, and it was named a Time Magazine ‘Best Invention of 2025.’ During China’s 618 festival, Philips ranked No. 1 on JD.com in male grooming sales (and in the electric toothbrush category). Philips launched Lumea IPL in the US, bringing the world’s No. 1 Intense Pulsed Light hair removal brand to the market. The launch has seen an encouraging start with strong consumer interest. Philips introduced its Avent Breast Pump, leveraging 40 years of breastfeeding research to design a comfortable, pump that imitates the baby's drinking rhythm for effective pumping. Philips Sonicare 5500 and 7100 secured the top positions in an independent comparison by German consumer protection organization Stiftung Warentest, receiving high scores for cleaning performance. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 21 Segment Other In Other we report on the items Innovation & Design, IP royalties, Central costs, and other small items. Innovation & Design At Philips, we aim to ensure that innovation happens where it matters most: close to our customers and consumers. By working backward from their needs and with clinicians through partnerships, we aim to ensure our innovations are truly people- and . Our Innovation & Design organization supports our businesses by providing capabilities in software and systems engineering for proprietary software and systems, as well as for licensed software and systems. We advance breakthrough and exploratory innovation programs, working on a consistent, trusted user experience through strong design principles. We are also accelerating the responsible and sustainable application of AI, embedding AI into solutions designed to improve care delivery and operational efficiency. Philips is committed to use, design, develop and deploy AI in a responsible way. At enterprise level, an AI policy is in force, guiding the company with a revised set of eight AI principles that align our AI vision with our company purpose and values. AI processes are being integrated in the existing development and quality management processes, with the aim of meeting international regulations. Guidelines and guardrails for AI usage by employees are being developed and deployed. A Responsible AI Office has been established, orchestrating the enterprise level policies, standards, guidelines and guardrails. Our R&D and innovation operations focus on four major sites – Eindhoven (the Netherlands), Cambridge (US), Bengaluru (India), and Beijing (China, where we established our Greater China R&D Headquarters in 2025) – with smaller innovation and research sites in the Regions. This global footprint allows us to stay close to customers, understand diverse healthcare needs, and anticipate emerging trends everywhere Philips operates. Philips was the leading applicant in medical technology at the European Patent Office in 2024, and Clarivate recognized Philips as the medical technology company in its list of the Top 100 Global Innovators 2025. The Philips brand also received 160 design awards in 2025. IP royalties Philips Intellectual Property & Standards (IP&S) proactively pursues the creation of new intellectual property (IP) in close cooperation with Philips’ operating Businesses and Innovation & Design. IP&S is a leading industrial IP organization providing IP solutions to Philips Businesses to support their growth, competitiveness and profitability. Royal Philips’ IP portfolio currently consists of approximately 53,000 patent rights, 31,500 trademarks, 159,000 design rights and 3,100 domain names. Philips filed 700 new patents in 2025, with a strong focus on the growth areas in health technology services and solutions. Of those 700, 57 involve AI, spread across our Businesses. Philips earns substantial annual income from license fees and royalties to third parties. Philips believes its business as a whole is not materially dependent on any particular patent or license, or any particular group of patents and licenses. Central costs Philips is present in 71 countries globally and has its corporate headquarters in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Our real estate locations are spread around the globe, with key manufacturing and R&D sites in Europe, the Americas and Asia. The project to move the Philips headquarters to a new location in Amsterdam in 2025 has been completed. We recharge the directly attributable part of the Functional costs to the Businesses. The remaining part is accounted for as ’central costs’, and includes costs related to the Executive Committee and Group Functions such as Legal & ESG and Internal Audit. Other small items Other small items refer to remaining items for services and legacy items relating to previously disposed businesses. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 22 Our Regions Geographically, our business is organized in three Regions: North America, Greater China and International Region (the latter consisting of Europe and the rest of the world). The Regions' primary accountability is to manage customer intimacy, build and maintain relationships, and cultivate an understanding of customer needs, as well as managing strategic accounts, delivering services, and engaging with private hospital groups, public health systems, and government and defense customers through both direct and indirect channels. They are also accountable for government relations and for providing local infrastructure needed to support Philips’ presence in a country (license to operate). 2025 developments North America Philips is working with innovative health systems such as Bon Secours Mercy Health, Vanderbilt University Medical Center and Nicklaus Children’s Hospital to advance care – from standardizing patient monitoring and expanding interventional radiology to introducing precision diagnostics. Recognizing the transformative potential of AI in healthcare, we announced a collaboration with Mass General Brigham to advance AI solutions that help clinicians capture, analyze and act on data in real time. We also worked with Hoag to modernize patient monitoring with a solution across its acute care hospitals. We continue to support the more than 9 million veterans who receive healthcare through the US Department of Veterans Affairs and expanded critical healthcare initiatives in Georgia, Michigan, Virginia and New York. Philips announced a plan for new investments of USD 150 million to expand manufacturing and R&D, including the growth of our Reedsville, Pennsylvania, facility, which produces ultrasound systems, and the expansion of our Image Guided Therapy site in Plymouth, Minnesota. In partnership with Ingeborg Initiatives, the Philips Avent Pregnancy+ app reached families in Arkansas, delivering information about localized maternal health resources that improve access to care and health literacy. 2025 developments International Region We remained focused on delivering our global vision, ensuring it aligned with diverse market realities and customer needs across the region. We refined our strategy through a connected, approach combining direct, digital, and strategic engagement to better serve customers and patients. Our Services business remained central to driving customer success, with new life cycle models and offerings that seek to enhance value and performance. We advanced our ‘big bet’ strategy by unlocking opportunities in priority growth markets such as Saudi Arabia, India, and Indonesia. Philips signed a partnership with Indonesia’s Ministry of Health to install its advanced Azurion therapy system nationwide, expanding access to cardiac, stroke and cancer care to more than 280 million people across all of Indonesia’s 38 provinces. India, in particular, has emerged as a strong microcosm of Philips, bringing together deep local market presence, world- class innovation in AI and software, global manufacturing capabilities, and a growing Services footprint. Solutions developed through this integrated approach, combining locally relevant innovation with manufacturing scale, have strengthened Philips’ position as a leading partner for healthcare providers across India. 2025 developments Greater China We are committed to our strategy of ‘in China, for China first’, focusing on local innovation, manufacturing, services and partnerships. Amid evolving market dynamics and growing healthcare demands, driven by aging populations and the rise of care, we continue to see China as a key market shaping the future of healthcare globally. The Region’s leadership is putting strong emphasis on creating value for China’s healthcare system by reinforcing ecosystem collaboration and advancing clinical partnerships. Philips is also promoting innovations to empower consumers to manage their health and through locally relevant, trusted personal health solutions. For example, during China’s 618 festival, Philips ranked No. 1 on JD.com in male grooming sales and in the electric toothbrush category. Celebrating 40 years since our first joint venture in China, we formally launched the Greater China Innovation Headquarters in Beijing to enhance innovation capabilities and speed up time to market. Philips is partnering with local AI innovators and exploring cooperation with the national intervention center to launch the IGT AI Ecosystem Platform to address key gaps in the interventional workflow, which provides physicians and technologists with access to advanced, guidance and remote expertise. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 23 Supply chain and procurement Philips runs an integrated supply chain tailored to customer needs, focusing on producing and delivering our innovations to our customers and consumers. Inflationary effects persisted throughout 2025. Like the rest of the industry, we remained exposed to continued geopolitical tensions around the world, as well as (sudden) changes in tariffs and other trade measures that negatively influence cost and availability of materials. Labor costs and the scarcity of skilled workforce remained a concern in 2025. To further increase our responsiveness and our reliability in delivery, we continued to build a robust and efficient, more regionalized supply chain ecosystem, prioritizing service level and customer experience. In this ecosystem, we seek to balance our manufacturing capabilities in- house, focusing on our strengths while leveraging suppliers’ specialized capabilities that support the vision and ambitions of Philips. Driving supply chain reliability and agility The supply chain plays an important role in improving our performance and delivering to our customers and consumers as promised. As we complete our plan, we look back on how our multiple interventions, as well as the programs we initiated, helped improve our execution capabilities and made Philips more resilient in navigating volatility. Measures were taken to mitigate the impact of the increase in tariffs such as dual sourcing, selective regionalization of components and further vertical integration and optimization of our global network. Going forward, we aim to maintain close relationships with our suppliers and conduct an ongoing dialogue with respect to our forecasted demand. When selecting and evaluating supplier partners, we consider not only business metrics such as quality, delivery performance and cost, but also strategic fit and environmental, social and governance factors. As a result, our supply chain is dispersed as the accompanying table illustrates. Philips Group Supplier spend analysis per geographic area in % 1 Western Europe 32% North America 33% Other mature geographies 5% Mature geographies 71% Growth geographies 29% Philips Group 100% 2025 1 For the purposes of reporting sales, we have four geographic areas based on similar economic characteristics: Western Europe, North America, Other mature geographies, and Growth geographies. We use supplier classification models to identify critical suppliers, including those supplying materials, components and services that could influence the safety and performance of our products and solutions. The Philips Supplier Quality Manual outlines Philips’ quality, regulatory, product, process and customer requirements. The standards outlined in this manual underpin agreements between suppliers and Philips, and guide compliance with Philips’ quality standards. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 24 Financial performance ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 25 Performance summary “In 2025, we delivered on our commitments and drove performance every quarter. Successfully navigating a complex , including tariffs, we increased comparable sales, expanded margins, and strengthened cash flow through innovation and productivity improvements.” Charlotte Hanneman CFO Royal Philips Sales Sales (in million EUR) n Diagnosis & Treatment 8,531 n Connected Care 5,076 n Personal Health 3,673 n Other 554 Nominal sales growth (1%) Comparable sales growth 2% Profitability Income from operations 1,424 million EUR (8% of sales) Net income 897 million EUR Earnings per share 0.93 EUR Adjusted EBITA* and adjusted EBITA margin* 1.9 2.1 2.2 10.6 11.5 12.3 Adjusted EBITA (in billion EUR) Adjusted EBITA (as a percentage of sales) 2023 2024 2025 Liquidity Operating cash flow 1,172 million EUR Free cash flow* 512 million EUR ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 26 Total 17,834 The year 2025 • Sales amounted to EUR 17.8 billion, a decrease of 1% on a nominal basis. Nominal sales were negatively impacted by the depreciation of several currencies against the euro, including the US dollar with the biggest impact. On a comparable basis*, sales increased 2%. Comparable sales* growth was flat in the Diagnosis & Treatment segment, 3% in the Connected Care segment, and 8% in the Personal Health segment. Comparable sales growth was positive in Mature Geographies as well as Growth Geographies. • Income from operations improved to EUR 1,424 million, mainly driven by higher gross margin and operational improvements, lower depreciation and amortization, Respironics-related expenses and restructuring, acquisition-related charges and other items. • Net income amounted to EUR 897 million, mainly driven by higher income from operations and lower income tax charges, compared with a loss of EUR (698) million in 2024. • Adjusted EBITA* amounted to EUR 2,195 million, or 12.3% of sales, compared with 11.5% of sales in 2024. Adjusted EBITA* margin increased, mainly driven by growth in comparable sales, operational improvements, productivity actions, and favorable mix effects, partly offset by cost inflation and higher tariffs. • Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to EUR 1,172 million; free cash flow* amounted to EUR 512 million. Philips Group Key data in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated Sales 17,834 18,021 Nominal sales growth (1%) (1%) Comparable sales growth ¹ 2% 1% Income from operations 1,424 529 as a % of sales 8% 3% Financial expenses, net (233) (282) Results of associates (9) (124) Income tax (expense) benefit (282) (963) Income from continuing operations 901 (840) Discontinued operations, net of income taxes (4) 142 Net income 897 (698) Adjusted EBITA ¹ 2,195 2,077 as a % of sales 12.3% 11.5% Income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders ² per common share (in EUR) - diluted 0.93 (0.88) Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders ² per common share (in EUR) - diluted ¹ 1.56 1.36 2025 2024 1 financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to Reconciliation of information. 2 Shareholders in this table refers to shareholders of Koninklijke Philips N.V. Includes the effect of the share dividend with respect to 2024 for 2024. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 27 Factors impacting performance The factors below are believed to have had a significant impact on Philips’ performance during the year. landscape Global economic growth slowed down slightly in 2025, with global real GDP rising by 3.2% compared to 3.3% in 2024. North America led with robust growth, while China faced challenges from subdued consumer sentiment. Europe and other growth markets performed steadily. Innovation Philips’ growth was driven by new product launches and Personal Health acceleration. We prioritized patient- and innovation at scale, leveraging AI to enhance product offerings. Investments in technology facilitated ongoing productivity improvements to reduce operating costs. Operating model In 2025, Philips completed our plan, having created a simplified operating model to increase agility and structurally lower the cost base by giving accountability to the Business Units. restructuring charges were EUR 124 million in 2025 and EUR 106 million in 2024 and were focused on optimization of enterprise Functions and on reduction of activities. Supply chain resilience Philips has taken action to boost supply chain resilience, including sourcing products in the market in which they are being sold and improving component and material availability. These efforts enhanced agility and minimized the impact of tariffs and trade disruptions. In August 2025, Philips announced the investment of USD 150 million to expand US manufacturing and R&D. Geopolitical environment The war and Middle East tensions continued to place strain on supply chains and fuel inflation. Philips’ operations in Russia and Ukraine are minimal, focused on essential healthcare deliveries. In Israel, activities center on manufacturing and R&D in Diagnosis & Treatment and Connected Care. Outlook For 2026, Philips expects: • Comparable sales growth: 3%-4.5% • Adjusted EBITA margin: 12.5%-13.0% • Free cash flow: EUR 1.3-1.5 billion Furthermore, Philips plans to drive profitable growth to deliver sustainable value and aims to deliver the following targets for 2026-2028: • Comparable sales growth at CAGR • Adjusted EBITA margin at in 2028 • Free cash flow of EUR 4.5-5.0 billion cumulatively over the period • EUR 1.5 billion of productivity savings in the period 2026-2028 Within the context of an uncertain , Philips' 2026 outlook and targets include currently known tariffs. They exclude ongoing Respironics-related proceedings, including the investigation by the US Department of Justice. On January 15, 2026, Philips completed the acquisition of SpectraWAVE, Inc., a innovator in Enhanced Vascular Imaging (EVI) of coronary arteries, angiography-based physiology assessments, and the use of AI in medical imaging. The acquisition forms part of Philips’ Diagnosis & Treatment segment and complements its intravascular imaging and physiology portfolio. * financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to Reconciliation of information. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 28 Results of operations Sales Philips Group Sales in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated Diagnosis & Treatment 8,531 (3%) 0% 8,790 0 % 1 % Connected Care 5,076 (1%) 3% 5,134 0% 2% Personal Health 3,673 5% 8% 3,486 (3%) (1%) Other 554 611 Philips Group 17,834 (1%) 2% 18,021 (1%) 1% 2025 2024 Sales Nominal sales growth Comparable sales growth ¹ Sales Nominal sales growth Comparable sales growth ¹ 1 financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to Reconciliation of information. Group sales in 2025 amounted to EUR 17,834 million, 1% lower than in 2024 on a nominal basis. Considering a 3% negative currency effect and consolidation impact, comparable sales growth* was 2%. The negative currency effect was mainly due to depreciation of currencies, such as the US dollar against the euro, and affected all segments. Comparable order intake increased to 6% in 2025, compared with 1% growth in 2024. Comparable order intake is not a financial measure, but is presented when discussing the Philips Group's performance. For further details, refer to Other key performance indicators. Diagnosis & Treatment In 2025, sales amounted to EUR 8,531 million, 3% lower than the nominal sales in 2024. Considering a 3% negative currency effect and consolidation impact, comparable sales* were flat. This was driven by growth in Image Guided Therapy, partly offset by a decline in Precision Diagnosis. Connected Care In 2025, sales amounted to EUR 5,076 million, 1% lower than the nominal sales in 2024. Considering a 4% negative currency effect and consolidation impact, comparable sales* increased by 3%. This growth was mainly driven by growth in Monitoring and low growth in Enterprise Informatics. Personal Health In 2025, sales amounted to EUR 3,673 million, 5% higher than in 2024 on a nominal basis. Considering a 3% negative currency effect and consolidation impact, growth in comparable sales was 8%. Growth was driven by mid- to growth in all Businesses Units under Personal Health. Other In 2025, sales amounted to EUR 554 million, compared with EUR 611 million in 2024, mainly due to lower royalty income. Sales per geographic area For the purposes of reporting sales, we have four geographic areas based on similar economic characteristics: Western Europe, North America, Other mature geographies, and Growth geographies. Western Europe, North America and Other mature geographies are collectively grouped as Mature geographies in reporting on sales. Philips Group Sales by geographic area in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated Western Europe 3,921 (1%) (1%) 3,978 4% 5% North America 7,542 (1%) 3% 7,655 1% 2% Other mature geographies 1,452 (5%) (1%) 1,526 (6%) (1%) Mature geographies 12,915 (2%) 1% 13,159 1% 2% Growth geographies 4,919 1% 5% 4,863 (6%) (2%) Philips Group 17,834 (1%) 2% 18,021 (1%) 1% 2025 2024 Sales Nominal sales growth Comparable sales growth ¹ Sales Nominal sales growth Comparable sales growth ¹ 1 financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to Reconciliation of information. Sales in Western Europe decreased on a nominal and comparable basis*, with a comparable sales decline in Connected Care and in Diagnosis & Treatment, partly offset by mid- comparable sales growth in the Personal Health segment. Sales in North America decreased on a nominal basis* and increased by 3% on a comparable basis* with comparable sales growth in Connected Care, growth in Personal Health, and growth in Diagnosis & Treatment. Sales in Other mature geographies decreased on a nominal and comparable basis*, mainly due to a comparable sales decline in Personal Health, which was partly offset by growth in Connected Care. Despite lower sales in China, as a result of adverse market conditions, sales in Growth geographies increased on a nominal basis and on a comparable sales growth* basis. The Diagnosis & Treatment comparable sales in Growth geographies were flat, while Connected Care showed growth. Personal Health was not negatively impacted by China and recorded comparable sales growth. ______ 2025 at a glance Our management Strategy Financial performance Environmental, Social and Governance Supervisory Board Group financial statements Company financial statements Sustainability statement Further information 29 Cost of sales Philips Group Cost of sales components in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated Costs of materials used 4,120 23% 4,213 23% Salaries and wages 2,249 13% 2,313 13% Depreciation and amortization 431 2% 609 3% Other manufacturing costs 2,976 17% 3,113 17% Cost of sales 9,776 55% 10,248 57% 2025 As a % of sales 2024 As a % of sales Cost of sales decreased by EUR 472 million to EUR 9,776 million in 2025 compared with EUR 10,248 million in 2024, and decreased by 2 percentage points of sales in 2025. Factors influencing cost of sales were as follows: • Despite the negative impact of tariffs and cost inflation, cost of materials used decreased by EUR 94 million in 2025, which was mainly driven by productivity actions, lower restructuring, acquisition-related and other items and a favorable foreign currency impact. The costs for tariffs as a percentage of cost of sales increased from approximately 1% in 2024 to approximately 3% in 2025. • Salaries and wages decreased by EUR 64 million, mainly driven by productivity actions, lower restructuring charges and a favorable foreign currency impact, partly offset by cost inflation. • Depreciation and amortization decreased by EUR 178 million in 2025, mainly driven by the comparative impact of a prior year intangible asset impairment charge. • Other manufacturing costs decreased by EUR 137 million in 2025, driven by productivity actions, lower restructuring, acquisition- related and other charges, and a favorable foreign currency impact, and partly offset by cost inflation. Gross margin In 2025, gross margin was EUR 8,058 million, or 45% of sales, compared with EUR 7,773 million, or 43% of sales, in 2024. The gross margin increased by EUR 285 million , driven by higher comparable sales growth from innovation, operational improvements, productivity measures and lower restructuring, acquisition-related and other items, and partly offset by an unfavorable foreign currency impact, cost inflation and higher tariffs. Selling expenses Selling expenses amounted to EUR 4,342 million, or 24% of sales, in 2025, compared with EUR 4,486 million, or 25% of sales, in 2024. Year- selling expenses decreased by EUR 144 million, mainly driven by productivity actions, lower restructuring, acquisition-related and other items and a favorable foreign currency impact, and partly offset by cost inflation. General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses amounted to EUR 628 million, or 4% of sales, in 2025, compared with EUR 582 million, or 3% of sales, in 2024. Expenditure increased by EUR 46 million, mainly due to cost inflation, partly offset by productivity actions, lower restructuring, acquisition-related and other items and a favorable foreign currency impact. Research and development expenses Research and development costs were EUR 1,700 million, or 10% of sales, in 2025, compared with EUR 1,747 million, or 10% of sales, in 2024. The costs decreased , mainly driven by productivity actions and a favorable foreign currency impact, and partly offset by cost inflation. Philips Group Research and development expenses in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated Diagnosis & Treatment 866 899 Connected Care 586 599 Personal Health 201 190 Other 46 59 Philips Group 1,700 1,747 As a % of sales 10% 10% 2025 2024 Restructuring, acquisition-related charges and other items Restructuring, acquisition-related charges and other items were EUR 530 million in 2025, compared with EUR 1,156 million in 2024. Philips Group Restructuring charges in millions of EUR Restructuring charges per segment: Diagnosis & Treatment 42 122 Connected Care 109 29 Personal Health 17 25 Other 74 91 Philips Group 242 268 Cost breakdown of restructuring charges: Provision for personnel costs 124 106 Restructuring-related asset impairment 37 134 Other restructuring-related costs 81 29 Philips Group 242 268 2025 2024 In 2025, Philips continued general productivity actions aimed at simplifying the organization to streamline ways of working and reduce operating expenses. Several restructuring projects were executed during the year, of which the most significant impacted the segment

[truncated]