Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 49 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 62 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 63 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 121 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 121 Item 9B. Other Information 126 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 126 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 126 Item 11. Executive Compensation 135 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 169 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 170 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 175 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 175 Signatures 181 Unless the context requires otherwise, the words “Super Micro,” “Supermicro,” “we,” “Company,” “us” and “our” in this document refer to Super Micro Computer, Inc. and where appropriate, our wholly owned subsidiaries. Supermicro, the Company logo and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Annual Report”) are the property of Super Micro Computer, Inc. or its affiliates. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. The information contained on our website, or available by hyperlink from our website, or in our social media posts is not incorporated into this Annual Report or other documents we file with, or furnish to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We intend to use our website and social media posts as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Such disclosures will be included in the "Investor Relations" section of our website. Accordingly, investors should monitor that section of our website, in addition to following our social media posts, press releases, investor presentations, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. EXPLANATORY NOTE In late July 2024, our former registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP (“EY”), communicated to the Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”) of our Board of Directors (the “Board”) concerns about certain matters related to governance, transparency, and our internal control over financial reporting. In response, the Board appointed a new director to the Board and formed an independent special committee (the “Special Committee”) to review these matters (the “Review”). The Special Committee engaged independent outside counsel Cooley LLP and forensic accounting firm Secretariat Advisors, LLC to aid in an investigation on behalf of and at the direction of the Special Committee. The Special Committee’s investigation was intended to assess whether the information brought to the Audit Committee’s attention by EY, and certain other matters identified during the Review, raised substantial concerns about (i) the integrity of our senior management and Audit Committee, (ii) the commitment of our senior management and Audit Committee to ensuring that the Company’s financial statements are materially accurate, (iii) the Audit Committee’s independence and ability to provide proper oversight over matters relating to financial reporting, and (iv) the tone at the top of the Company with regard to rehiring certain former employees and financial reporting. On October 2, 2024, the Special Committee reported its interim findings to EY and the Board. On October 24, 2024, EY resigned from its position as our independent public accounting firm. As described in the Form 8-K we filed on October 30, 2024 (“October 2024 8-K”), other than what’s described in the October 2024 8-K, during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the subsequent interim period preceding EY’s resignation, (1) there were no “disagreements,” as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, with EY on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which if not resolved to EY’s satisfaction to our knowledge would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter thereof in connection with that report, and (2) there were no “reportable events” as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. We disagreed with EY’s decision to resign as our independent registered public accounting firm for a number of reasons, including that a significant number of audit procedures were incomplete and the Special Committee had not yet obtained all information relevant for the Review and had not concluded the Review. On November 18, 2024, the Audit Committee appointed BDO USA, P.C. (“BDO”) as our new independent registered public accounting firm. On December 2, 2024, we announced that the Special Committee completed its Review. Among the findings by the Special Committee were: • The evidence reviewed by the Special Committee did not give rise to any substantial concerns about the integrity of our senior management or the Audit Committee, or their commitment to ensuring that our financial statements are materially accurate. • With respect to the matters investigated by the Special Committee, the Audit Committee demonstrated appropriate independence and generally provided proper oversight over matters relating to financial reporting. • With respect to the rehiring of former employees, the tone at the top of our company was appropriate and fully consistent with a commitment to proper financial reporting and legal compliance. • The Special Committee did not believe that the resignation of EY or the conclusions reached by EY (as described in EY’s letter of resignation dated October 24, 2024 and described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 30, 2024) were supported by the facts examined in the Review, the Special Committee’s interim findings reported to EY on October 2, 2024, or the Special Committee’s final findings. Due to EY’s stated concerns and subsequent resignation, we were unable to timely file our Annual Report and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 (together the “Delinquent Reports”) as required under Nasdaq’s Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). On December 6, 2024, Nasdaq granted us an exception to Nasdaq’s Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), allowing us to file all the Delinquent Reports by February 25, 2025. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING STATEMENTS This Annual Report contains “ statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance based on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. In some cases, you can identify statements by terminology including “would,” “could,” “may,” “will,” “goal,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “project,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “probable of achievement,” or “continue,” the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the statements. In evaluating these statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks described below, under Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors”, and in other parts of this Annual Report as well as in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the statements. These statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. PART I Item 1. Business Our Company We are a Silicon provider of total IT solutions which address demanding workloads from the enterprise and cloud to the intelligent edge. We deliver solutions optimized for various workloads, including artificial intelligence (“AI”) and computing (“HPC”), where acceleration is critical and we also produce an extensive portfolio of server and storage solutions for enterprise data centers, cloud service providers, and edge computing (5G Telco, Retail and embedded). Our Total IT Solutions encompass complete servers, storage systems, modular blade servers, workstations, scale solutions, networking devices, server , server management and security software. These solutions are designed, developed, validated and installed for leading AI datacenters. Our Total IT Solutions are designed for optimal power and thermal management, including using Supermicro’s liquid cooling technologies. We also provide global support and services to help our customers install, upgrade and maintain their computing infrastructure, including operations. We offer our customers a high degree of flexibility and customization by providing a broad array of server models and configurations from which they can choose the best solutions to fit their computing needs. Our server and storage systems, and accessories are architecturally designed to provide high levels of reliability, quality, configurability, and scalability. Our design competencies, design control over many of the required within our server and storage systems, and our Server Building Block Solutions® (an innovative, modular and open architecture) enable us to rapidly develop, build and test complete solutions, which include servers, storage, software, and networking components. As a result, when new technologies are brought to market, we are generally able to quickly assemble a broad portfolio of solutions by leveraging common building blocks across product lines. We work closely with the leading microprocessor, graphics processing units (“GPU”), memory, disk/flash, and interconnect vendors and other hardware and software suppliers to coordinate our new products' design with their product release schedules. This enhances our ability to rapidly introduce new products by incorporating the latest technology, improve quality and reduce costs. We seek to be the first to market with superior product designs, and we have the ability to offer a broad selection of products using those technologies to our customers. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 1 We conduct our operations principally from our Silicon Valley headquarters, Taiwan and Netherlands facilities. We are in the process of adding capacity at our existing sites and are adding a new facility in Malaysia. Our sales and marketing activities operate through a combination of our direct sales force and indirect sales channel partners. We work with distributors, resellers, system integrators, and original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") to market and sell our optimized solutions to their end customers in our indirect sales channels. Strategy Our objective is to be the world’s leading provider of Rack Scale Total IT Solutions leveraging our broad portfolio of platforms that are application-optimized server, storage and networking solutions. Achieving this objective requires continuous development and innovation of our Total IT Solutions portfolio with better and architectural advantages compared with our prior generation of solutions and our competitors' offerings. Through our strategy, we seek to maintain or improve our relative competitive position in many product areas and pursue markets that provide us with additional growth opportunities. Key elements of our strategy include executing upon the following: Strong Internal Research and Development and Internal Manufacturing Capability We are continually investing in our engineering organization. As of June 30, 2024, we had over 2,800 employees in our research and development organization. These resources, along with our understanding of complex computing and storage requirements, enable us to deliver product innovation featuring advanced functionality and capabilities required by our customers. Also, we have worldwide manufacturing facilities which enable us to reduce the time to delivery in every geography around the world. Our engineers work directly with our manufacturing personnel to plan together and identify and correct issues together. Introducing Innovative Products, Faster We seek to sustain advantages in both and breadth of products by incorporating the latest technological innovations, such as new processors, advancements in storage and evolving I/O technologies. We seek these advantages by leveraging our design capabilities and our Building Block Solutions® architecture. This allows us to offer customers a broad choice of products to match their target application requirements. In particular, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 (“fiscal year 2024”), • We delivered a comprehensive portfolio of solutions designed specifically for AI including products that support NVIDIA Hopper (H100/200) and Blackwell (GB200/B200) generation platforms; • We expanded our liquid cooled system offerings and our complete liquid cooling solutions to include an external cooling tower and more powerful Coolant Distribution Units ("CDUs") for the increased demand to cool the latest generations of GPUs and central processing units ("CPUs"); • We announced more than 100 products supporting Intel’s new 5 th Gen Intel® Xeon® Processor and Intel’s Xeon ® 6 data center CPU as well as the AMD EPYC™ 8004 Series and AMD EPYC™ 4004 Series Processors; • We announced a number of new edge and IoT systems that are specifically designed for environments where systems are required; and • We expanded our storage portfolio of products and solutions with an AI storage solution optimized for AI training workloads and introduced new storage products for enterprise storage. Capitalizing on New Applications and Technologies In addition to serving traditional needs for server and storage systems, we have devoted, and will continue to devote, substantial resources to developing systems that support emerging and growing applications including AI, cloud computing, 5G/edge computing, storage and others. We believe there are significant opportunities for us in each of these rapidly developing markets due to stringent design requirements for these applications that often require the use of the latest technologies, allowing us to leverage our capabilities in product innovation, superior , and portfolio breadth. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 2 Liquid Cooling To reduce the high cost of operating and address constraints on power and cooling in data centers, IT managers increasingly turn to suppliers of products that can also be , , and green. Our resource saving architecture supports our efforts to lead in green IT innovation. We offer product lines that are designed to share common computing resources, thereby saving both valuable space and power as compared to rackmount servers. In addition, due to the advanced power requirements of these systems we seek to provide liquid cooling solutions across our designs to optimize the elevated power and thermal management requirements. We believe our approach of leveraging an overall architecture that balances data center power requirements, cooling, shared resources and refresh cycles helps the environment and provides total cost of ownership (“TCO”) savings for our customers. Supermicro anticipated the need for integration and liquid cooling capabilities. We design, build, test, validate, and deliver complete cold plate solutions for CPUs, GPUs, and memory. In addition, we manufacture the sophisticated management systems -- Cooling Distribution Units, Cooling Distribution Manifolds -- to regulate system temperatures for maximum performance. Liquid cooling can be easily included in integrations to further increase system efficiency, reduce instances of thermal throttling, and lower both the TCO and Total Cost to Environment ("TCE") of data center deployments. Driving Software and Services Sales to our Global Enterprise Customers We work closely with customers by offering total data center management software. This enables data center operators to closely monitor the entire IT infrastructure to identify issues before failures. By offering management software and worldwide onsite and remote services to our customers we also increase our total IT solution revenue. These software products and services are required for deployments, help meet service level agreements and address uptime requirements. In addition to our internal software development efforts, we also integrate and partner with external software vendors to meet customer requirements. Leveraging Our Global Operating Structure We plan to continue to increase our worldwide manufacturing capacity and logistics abilities in the United States, Taiwan and the Netherlands and we plan to bring additional manufacturing capacity online in Malaysia. This strategic expansion aims to serve our customers more efficiently while reducing overall manufacturing costs. Products and Services We offer a broad range of compute, storage and edge platforms that are application-optimized server solutions, rackmount and blade servers, storage, and subsystems and accessories. These products are designed to serve a variety of markets, such as enterprise data centers, cloud computing, AI and 5G/edge computing. We complement our accelerated compute platforms inclusive of server and storage system offerings with software management/security solutions, global services and support, the revenue for which is included in our server and storage systems revenue. Server and Storage Systems We offer platforms in rackmount, blade, and embedded form factors, which support single, dual, and multiprocessor architectures. Our key product lines include: • Extensive portfolio of air cooled and liquid cooled AI Servers for Training and Inferencing with integrated GPUs or PCIe based architectures; • SuperBlade ® and MicroBlade ® system families are designed to share common computing resources, thereby saving space and power over standard rackmount servers; • SuperStorage systems that provide storage while leveraging an efficient use of power to achieve performance- savings. Our storage systems are also designed for maximum performance for AI training environments; • Twin family of server systems designed for density, performance, and power efficiency; including FlexTwin™, GrandTwin®, and BigTwin®; SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 3 • Hyper, CloudDC, and WIO rackmount optimized systems deliver entire clusters of racks, with both and options, per customer requirements; • Embedded (5G/IoT/Edge) systems optimized for evolving networks and intelligent management of connected devices; and • MicroCloud server systems that deliver node density in environments with space and power constraints. In addition to our server and storage platforms business, we offer a large array of modular server subsystems and accessories, such as server boards, chassis, power supplies and other accessories. These subsystems are the foundation of platform solutions and span product offerings from the single and server segment to the multiprocessor market. The majority of the subsystems and accessories we sell individually are designed to work together to improve performance and are ultimately integrated into complete server and storage systems. Server Software Management Solutions Our open remote system management solutions, such as our Server Management suite, including Supermicro Server Manager (“SSM”), Supermicro Power Management software (“SPM”), Supermicro Update Manager (“SUM”), SuperCloud Composer and SuperDoctor 5, have been designed to help manage heterogeneous data center environments, including liquid cooling. Supermicro Global Services We provide global service and support offerings for our direct and OEM customers and our indirect sales channel partners directly or through approved distributors and partners. We also identify service requirements, create and execute project plans, conduct verification testing and training and provide technical documentation. Global Services: Our strategic direct and OEM customers may purchase a variety of support service plans. Our service plans vary depending on specific services, response times, coverage hours and duration, repair priority levels, spare parts requirements, logistics, data privacy and security needs. Our Global Services team provides help desk services and product support for our server and storage systems. Support Services: Our customer support services offer competitive market warranties, generally from years, and warranty extension options for products sold by our direct sales team and approved indirect sales channel partners. Our customer support team provides ongoing maintenance and technical support for our products through our website and 24-hour continuous, direct support. Data Center Space Lease On June 14, 2024, we entered into a Master Colocation Services Agreement (the “MCSA”) with respect to a facility located in Vernon, California. Concurrent with the execution of the MCSA, we entered into a service order to lease 21 Megawatt ("MW") of the facility for a term of ten years. Our aggregate financial obligation for the term of the service order is estimated to be over $600 million, which includes the monthly recurring charges, power charges and other anticipated costs. Concurrent with the execution of the MCSA and the service order, we sublicensed all of our rights and obligations with respect to the data center space, pursuant to which the sublicensee agreed to assume and perform all of our obligations, covenants, representations and terms under the MCSA and service order. The sublicensee is obligated to pay to us the monthly recurring charges due from us under the service order plus an additional monthly charge. The payments owed by us under the service order (as governed by the MCSA) may be accelerated in the event of a default under the MCSA and/or the service order and the exercise of remedies in connection therewith. Upon such acceleration, we have a right to seek reimbursement for such accelerated payments from the sublicensee. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 4 Research and Development We perform most of our research and development activities in the United States at our facilities in San Jose, California, and in Taiwan, increasing the communication and collaboration between design teams to streamline the development process and reduce . We believe that the combination of our focus on internal research and development activities, our close working relationships with local customers and vendors and our modular design approach allows us to decrease , improve quality and deliver superior product designs. We continue to invest in reducing our design and manufacturing costs and improving the performance, and power- and of our Total IT Solutions. Our research and development teams focus on the development of new and enhanced products that can support emerging technological and engineering innovations while achieving high overall system performance. Much of our research and development activity relates to the new product cycles of leading processor vendors. We work closely with NVIDIA, Intel and AMD, among others, to develop products that are compatible with the latest generation of technologies under development. Our collaborative approach with these vendors allows us to coordinate the design of our new products with their product release schedules, thereby enhancing our ability to rapidly introduce new products incorporating the latest technology. We work closely with their respective development teams to enhance system performance and reduce issues. Similarly, we work very closely with our customers to identify their needs and develop our new product plans accordingly. Customers During fiscal year 2024, we sold to over 1,100 direct customers in over 110 countries. During each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 (“fiscal year 2023”) and June 30, 2022 (“fiscal year 2022”), we sold to over 1,000 direct customers in over 100 countries. In addition, over the three years ended June 30, 2024, we have sold to thousands of end users through our indirect sales channel. These customers represent a diverse set of market verticals including enterprise data centers, cloud computing, AI, 5G and edge computing markets. One single customer accounted for 10% or more of the net sales in fiscal year 2024. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the net sales in fiscal years 2023 and 2022. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing activities are conducted through a combination of our direct sales force and our indirect sales channel partners. Our direct sales force is primarily focused on selling Total IT Solutions, including management software and global services to large scale cloud, enterprise and OEM customers. In addition, we have a centralized command center, designed to assist customers with quick and accurate configurations. We work with distributors, resellers, system integrators, and OEMs to market and sell our optimized solutions to their end customers. We provide sales and marketing assistance and training to our indirect sales channel partners and OEMs. We leverage our relationships in our indirect sales channel and with our OEMs to penetrate select industry vertical market segments where our products can provide better alternatives to existing solutions. We maintain close contact with our indirect sales channel partners and end customers. We often collaborate during the sales process with our indirect sales channel partners and the end customer’s technical staff to help determine the optimal system configuration for the customer’s needs. Our interaction with our indirect sales channel partners and end customers allows us to monitor customer requirements and develop new products to meet their needs. International Sales Our global sales efforts are supported both by our international offices in the Netherlands, Taiwan, South Korea, United Kingdom, China and Japan as well as by our United States based sales team. Product fulfillment and first level support for our international customers are provided by Supermicro Global Services and through our indirect sales channel and OEMs. Sales to customers located outside of the United States represented 32.0%, 32.1% and 41.6% of net sales in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Marketing SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 5 Our marketing programs are designed to create a global awareness and branding for our company and products, as well as an understanding of the significant value we bring to customers. These programs also inform existing and potential customers, the trade press, market analysts, indirect sales channel partners and OEMs about the strong capabilities and benefits of using our products and solutions. Our marketing efforts support the sale and distribution of our products through both direct sales and indirect channels. We rely on a variety of marketing vehicles, including advertising, public relations, web, social media, collateral, and participation in industry events and tradeshows, to gain market awareness and generate new customer demand. We provide funds for cooperative marketing to our indirect sales channel partners to extend the reach of our marketing efforts. We also actively utilize our suppliers’ cooperative marketing programs and jointly benefit from their marketing development funds to which we are entitled. Intellectual Property We seek to protect our intellectual property rights with a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and disclosure restrictions. We rely primarily on trade secrets, technical , and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our design and product development activities. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants, and other third parties and control access to our designs, documentation and other proprietary information. Manufacturing and Quality Control We manufacture the majority of our systems at our San Jose, California headquarters. We believe we are the only major server, storage and accelerated compute platform vendor that designs, develops, and manufactures a significant portion of their systems in the United States. Global assembly, test and quality control of our servers are performed at our manufacturing facilities in San Jose, California, Taiwan and the Netherlands, with plans to expand manufacturing to Malaysia. In each of our existing facilities, a Quality and Environmental Management System has been certified according to ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and/or ISO 13485 standards. Our suppliers and contract manufacturers are required to support the same standards to maintain consistent product and service quality and continuous improvement of quality and environmental performance. We use several suppliers and contract manufacturers for materials and . We believe that selectively using outsourced manufacturing services allows us to focus on our core competencies in product design and development and increases our operational flexibility. We believe our manufacturing strategy allows us to adjust manufacturing capacity in response to changes in customer demand and to rapidly introduce new products to the market. We use Ablecom Technology, Inc. (“Ablecom”) and its affiliate Compuware Technology, Inc. (“Compuware”), both of which are related parties, for contract design and manufacturing coordination support. We work with Ablecom to optimize modular designs for our chassis and several other components. Ablecom also coordinates the manufacturing of chassis for us. In addition to providing a large volume of contract manufacturing services to us, Ablecom warehouses multiple components and subassemblies manufactured by various suppliers before shipment to our facilities in the United States, Europe and Asia. We also have a series of agreements with Compuware, including multiple product development, production and service agreements, product manufacturing agreements and lease agreements for office space. See Note 10, “Related Party Transactions,” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence.” We monitor our inventory continuously to be able to meet customer delivery requirements and to avoid inventory obsolescence. Due to our designs, our inventory can generally be used with multiple different products, lowering working capital requirements and reducing the risk of inventory . Competition The market for our products is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to new technological developments, changing customer needs and new product introductions. We compete primarily with large vendors of x86-based general purpose servers and components. In addition, we also compete with smaller vendors that specialize in the sale of server components and systems. In recent years, we have experienced increased competition from original design manufacturers ("ODMs”) that benefit from their scale and very manufacturing and are increasingly offering their own branded products. We believe our principal competitors include: • Global technology vendors, such as Cisco, Dell, Enterprise, and Lenovo; and • ODMs, such as Foxconn, Quanta Computer, and Wiwynn Corporation. The principal competitive factors in our market include the following: SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 6 • Rack Scale Total IT Solutions to reduce TCO for our customers; • First to market with new emerging technologies; • High product performance, efficiency and reliability; • Early identification of emerging opportunities; • design and manufacturing; • Sufficient manufacturing capacity necessary to support market demand; • Energy efficient (Green Computing) product designs that reduce environmental impact, overall power consumption, and costs; and • Localized and responsive customer support on a worldwide basis. We believe that we compete favorably with respect to most of these factors. However, most of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, greater name recognition and deeper market penetration. They may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we can, which could allow them to respond more quickly to new technologies and changes in customer needs. In addition, it is possible that new competitors could emerge and acquire significant market share. See Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" risk titled “The market in which we participate is highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, we may not be able to increase our market penetration, grow our net sales or improve our gross margins.” Government Regulation Our worldwide business activities subject us to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws in the countries in which we operate, and our Total IT Solutions are subject to laws and regulations affecting their sale. To date, costs and expenses incurred to comply with these governmental regulations, including environmental regulations, have not been material to our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future governmental laws and regulations, including environmental regulations, applicable to our operations or Total IT Solutions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position, we do not currently anticipate material increases in expenditures for compliance with government regulations. We are subject to U.S. and other applicable trade control regulations that restrict with whom we may transact business, including the trade sanctions enforced by the U.S. Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control and the export controls enforced by the U.S. Commerce Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations restricting dealings with sanctioned countries or companies and/or persons on restricted lists, we may be subject to enforcement actions, including civil or criminal penalties. The United States and other countries continually update their lists of items and technologies and may impose new or export requirements on our products in the future. As a result of regulatory changes, we may be required to obtain licenses or other authorizations to continue supporting existing customers or to supply existing products to new customers in China, eastern Europe and elsewhere. Further escalations in trade restrictions or hostilities, particularly between the United States and China, could impede our ability to sell or support our products. Although we historically sold products into Russia before broad sanctions were imposed, we no longer sell products or provide services to Russia. We had last recorded revenue from Russia in February 2022. In October 2022, U.S. export restrictions and export licensing requirements were imposed targeting China’s semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impact exports of software, hardware, equipment and technology used to develop, produce or manufacture certain chips in China (including Hong Kong). At the same time, export restrictions and export license requirements were also imposed on certain GPUs and advanced integrated circuits, as well as computing equipment containing such components, with a focus on China (including Hong Kong). These restrictions impacted certain of our products, including products that contain the NVIDIA A100 and H100 integrated circuits, among others. In November 2023, the export control restrictions on advanced integrated circuits, supercomputing and other end uses were revised and further expanded to cover additional countries where we sell our products, including in the Middle East, and additional parties based on the location of their headquarters, or the headquarters of their ultimate parent. Compliance with regulations is complex and time consuming. We may experience delays in implementing procedures to address the changing regulatory requirements. In January 2025, the U.S. export control regulations targeting advanced integrated circuits and computing were further revised to include a worldwide authorization requirement for certain of our advanced computing products. New license exceptions were added to the regulations and allow us to export in some cases without the need for an export license, thus SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 7 expanding upon previous authorizations. However, these new regulations will, depending on the country and ultimate consignee, also place new limits on the number of advanced computing products that we can export to each ultimate consignee per calendar year, and the number of advanced computing products that the Commerce Department will license over a given period to all exporters in the aggregate. These new limitations create a competitive process for obtaining the product allocation associated with these new government authorizations and therefore could disadvantage us against certain of our competitors. The limitations could also prevent us from selling our advanced computing products to the full extent of customer demand in certain countries that have not historically been subject to these limitations. The process to obtain licenses required under recently adopted export control regulations is complicated and in the event we determine to pursue them, and there are no assurances they may be granted at all. Our competitive position and future results may be harmed, over the , if there are further changes in export controls, including further expansion of the geographic, customer, end use, deemed export, or product scope of the controls, if customers purchase product from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are unable to provide contractual warranty or other extended service obligations, if licenses are not granted in a timely manner or denied to significant customers or if we incur significant transition costs. Even if requested licenses are granted, the licenses may be temporary or impose burdensome conditions that we or our customers or end users cannot or choose not to fulfill. The licensing requirements may benefit certain of our competitors, as the licensing process will make our technical support efforts more cumbersome and less certain and encourage customers to pursue alternatives to our products. See “Risk Factors - Legal and Regulatory Risks” for additional discussion of risks related to government regulation. Human Capital Resources and Management Mission, Culture, and Engagement The key to success in technology is designing a company around people committed to work that they love. We aim to attract, develop, and retain a high performing and engaged global workforce. As of June 30, 2024, we employed 5,684 employees, consisting of 2,885 employees in research and development, 632 employees in sales and marketing, 509 employees in general and administrative and 1,658 employees in manufacturing. Of these employees, 2,659 employees are based in our San Jose facilities. We consider our highly qualified and motivated employees to be a key factor in our business success. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining organization, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We are committed to protecting the environment through our “We Keep IT Green” initiative as a first to market innovator in , server, storage, networking and management total solutions. We recognize the critical importance of talent and culture to our success and ability to fulfill this vision. We encourage opportunities for growth and conduct regular performance reviews that set clear expectations to motivate employees and align their performance with company objectives. We communicate to our employees through a secure intranet site, executive communications, company meetings, and emails. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging We believe a workplace that encourages different voices, perspectives and backgrounds creates better teams, better solutions and more innovation. Employees should be treated fairly and respectfully despite differences and should feel accepted in the workplace to contribute their perspective and be valued. Talent Development, Acquisition, Retention and Rewards SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 8 Talent Strategy Our talent strategy focuses on attracting skilled, engaged employees who contribute the talent and skills critical to our innovative and workforce. Our recruiting process actively sources talent supporting our ability to hire candidates with professional qualifications and potential. We identify opportunities through tracking and analyzing data from various sources such as annual performance reviews to assess our progress in ensuring critical talent are in critical roles. It is our policy to ensure equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees without regard to prohibited considerations of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability or genetic information, marital status or any other classification protected by applicable local, state or federal laws. All employees receive training in the prevention of sexual harassment and abusive conduct in the workplace. Total Rewards Program Our total rewards program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create value for our stockholders. We provide employees with compensation packages that include base salary in the form of cash and representing fixed compensation to reward individual performance and contributions (“Base Salary”), incentive bonus programs, and equity awards, including restricted stock units and options, tied to the value of our stock price. We believe that a compensation program with both and awards provides fair and competitive compensation and aligns employee and stockholder interests, including by incentivizing business and individual performance (pay for performance), motivating based on company performance and integrating compensation with our business plans. In addition to cash and equity compensation, we also offer U.S. employees benefits such as life and health (medical, dental & vision) insurance, paid time off, sick leave, holiday pay, and a 401(k) plan. Outside of the U.S., we provide benefits based on local requirements and needs. Health, Safety & Wellness Throughout our history, we have maintained our commitment to providing a safe workplace that protects against and limits personal injury and environmental harm. We follow international standards and regulations for product safety and security. Our health and safety programs emphasize personal accountability, professional conduct, and regulatory compliance, while our culture fosters a sense of proactivity, caution, and communication. In the development of our products, we define and perform various tests to ensure Product Safety and Security. We evaluate risks using both procedures and best practices to ensure we understand residual risk and appropriately protect our employees. We engage in proactive efforts to prevent occupational illnesses and injuries which allow us to maintain a safe, healthy, and secure workplace. We have a Safety Committee, which is designed to promote communication regarding health, safety, and emergency response procedures and to help implement improvements to our work areas and practices. We are committed to complying with applicable laws, including those associated with labor and employment, across all areas of our operations. In addition, we abide by global standards, irrespective of legal requirements, regarding the treatment of workers such as those detailed by the Responsible Business Alliance. These include prevention of excessive working hours and unfair wages, controls to prohibit child labor and human trafficking and bolstering workplace health and safety measures. Board Oversight of Human Capital Management Our Board of Directors, as a part of its overall responsibility to provide oversight, has purview over matters related to human capital management. Our Compensation Committee provides oversight of various matters related to human capital management, such as incentive compensation plans and equity compensation plans and the administration of such plans, compensation matters outside of the ordinary course, and compensation policies. Corporate Information We were founded in and maintain our worldwide headquarters and approximately half of our employees in San Jose, California. We are one of the largest employers in the City of San Jose and an active member of the San Jose and Silicon Valley community. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 9 We were incorporated in California in September 1993. We reincorporated in Delaware in March 2007. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “SMCI.” Our principal executive offices are located at 980 Rock Avenue, San Jose, California 95131, and our telephone number is (408) 503-8000. Our website address is www.supermicro.com. Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas Please see Note 15, “Segment Reporting” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for information regarding segment reporting and Note 3, “Revenue - Disaggregation of Revenue” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for information regarding our net sales by geographic region. See Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” for further information on risks associated with our international operations. Working Capital We focus considerable attention on managing our inventories and other working capital related items. We manage inventories by communicating with our customers and partners and using our industry experience to forecast demand. We place manufacturing orders for our products based on forecasted demand. We maintain substantial inventories of our products because the computer server industry is characterized by short orders and quick delivery schedules. Additionally, during fiscal year 2024, the computer server industry experienced global supply chain shortages, which requires us to carry more inventory to fulfill demand from our customers and partners. Forward Stock Split On September 30, 2024, we filed an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amendment”) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a forward split (the “Stock Split”) of our common stock without any change to its par value. The Amendment also effected a proportionate increase in the number of shares of authorized common stock from 100,000,000 to 1,000,000,000. Pursuant to Section 242(d) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, stockholder approval was not required in connection with the foregoing. The Stock Split became effective at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on September 30, 2024 (the “Effective Time”). Trading in the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market commenced on a Stock basis at the market open on October 1, 2024, under the existing trading symbol “SMCI.” As a result of the Stock Split, every one (1) share of common stock issued and outstanding was automatically divided into ten (10) shares of common stock. The Stock Split did not modify any rights or preferences of the shares of the common stock. Proportionate adjustments were automatically made to the number of shares of common stock underlying the Company’s outstanding equity awards, equity incentive plans, and other existing agreements, as well as exercise or conversion prices, as applicable. Unless noted, all references to shares of common stock and per share amounts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split. Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge, on or through our website at www.supermicro.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or made part of, this Annual Report or our other filings with, or reports furnished to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 10 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information in this Annual Report, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. Unless otherwise indicated, references to our business being harmed in these risk factors will include harm to our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. You should not interpret our disclosure of any of the following risks to imply that such risks have not already materialized. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the most significant risks and principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. Risks Related to our Delinquent SEC Reporting Obligations • Circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report; • Our failure in timely filing our SEC reports; • The outcome of litigation and other legal proceedings, disputes, claims, as well as regulatory examinations, investigations, proceedings and orders arising out of the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report, and any orders, actions or rulings not in our favor; • Significant expenses related to the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report; • The remediation of material weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, and any resulting litigation; • The absence of timely and accurate financial information has hindered and may in the future hinder our ability to effectively manage our business and the ability to issue compensation to our employees; • Our availability to access outside financing; • Negative publicity and potential customers’ concerns; Operational and Execution Risks • Volatility of our quarterly operating results; • Our ability to meet publicly announced financial guidance or other expectations about our business; • Timely development of new products and enhancements to our existing products; • Our ability to maintain sufficient inventory; • Shortfall in revenue or decline in margins; • The exercise of security interests we take in products sold; • Concentration of our customer base; • Our ability to secure additional financing on favorable terms; • Our cost structure, ability to deliver server solutions to customers, and ability to resolve warranty claims in a timely manner; • Our ability to enhance or upgrade our enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) systems and other IT applications, including challenges related to automating internal controls utilizing our ERP systems and maintaining internal controls over processes in other IT applications; • Increases in average selling prices for our solutions; • Changes in U.S. or foreign policies, geopolitical conditions, general economic conditions, and other factors beyond our control; • System security violations, data protection breaches, , and other related issues; • Failure to adequately expand or retain our sales force; • Potential conflicts of interest with Ablecom and Compuware; • Our reliance on a limited source of contract manufacturing services and inventory warehousing; • Our ability to attract and retain key personnel; SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 11 • Our direct sales efforts and relationships with our indirect sales channel and with our OEMs; • Our ability to maintain good publicity with respect to us, our employees, our service providers or our partners; Strategic and Industry Risks • Our ability to work with suppliers to make timely new product introductions; • Our ability to manage our business for growth and expansion, including the expansion of our international manufacturing capacity and business operations; • Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for certain components used to manufacture our products; • Our suppliers’ ability to improve the functionality and performance of materials and key components for our products; • Our ability to timely deliver high quality server and storage solutions; • Increased competition and our ability to compete effectively; • The AI industry has contributed to our success but also presents significant risks and uncertainties, including potential risks from its use by our workforce; • Our investments in corporate ventures and other investments; • Our growth into markets outside the United States; • Our reliance on indirect sales channels; Legal and Regulatory Risks • Lawsuits and other legal proceedings, disputes, claims, and government inquiries and investigations; • Compliance with laws, rules, regulations, as well as political and other actions related to export control to which our business is subject; • Compliance with laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and other matters; • Our ability to protect our intellectual property; • Compliance with environmental, health and safety laws, U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, other applicable and laws, outbound investment regulations, and other government regulation or laws related to our business; • provisions in our charter and bylaws; Financial Risks • Our indebtedness, liabilities, and contractual obligations; • Our ability to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the convertible notes for cash following a fundamental change (including the delisting of our common stock), to repay the outstanding principal and accrued interest upon an event of default, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion; • Provisions in the indentures governing our convertible notes making it harder for a to acquire us; • Risks associated with the capped call transactions; • Potential dilution caused by conversion of our convertible notes; • Our R&D expenditures, which are considerably higher than many of our competitors; • Change in our future effective income tax rates; • Our backlog amount; Risks Related to Owning our Stock • Volatility of the trading price of our common stock; • A decline in our stock price caused by future sales by existing stockholders; • The concentration of our capital stock ownership with insiders likely limits your ability to influence corporate matters; • No expectation in paying dividends in the foreseeable future; General Risks • Our products may not be viewed as supporting climate change mitigation in the IT sector; and • Enactment of or changes to government regulation or laws related to our business. Risks Related to our Delinquent SEC Reporting Obligations We face risks related to previously being delinquent in our SEC reporting obligations. Due to the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report, our recent SEC filings, including this Annual Report, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 (the “Delinquent Reports”) were delinquent. On December 6, 2024, Nasdaq granted us an exception to Nasdaq’s Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), allowing us to file all the Delinquent Reports by February 25, 2025. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 12 While we filed all of the Delinquent Reports on or before February 25, 2025, we expect to continue to face many of the risks and challenges related to previously being delinquent in our SEC reporting obligations, including the following: • We may fail to remediate material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and other material weaknesses may be identified in the future, which could adversely affect the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting; • Failure to timely file our SEC reports and make our current financial information available has placed downward pressure on our stock price, which has adversely affected, and may continue adversely affect, hiring and employee retention; • Litigation and claims as well as regulatory examinations, investigations, proceedings and orders arising out of our failure to file SEC reports on a timely basis, including the reasons and causes for such failure to file, will continue to divert management attention and resources from the operation of our business; • We may not be able to recapture lost business or business opportunities due to ongoing reputational harm; and • Negative reports or actions on our commercial credit ratings would increase our costs of, or reduce our access to, future commercial credit arrangements and limit our ability to refinance existing indebtedness. The outcome of litigation and other legal proceedings, disputes, claims, as well as regulatory examinations, investigations, proceedings and orders arising out of the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report, and any orders, actions or rulings not in our favor could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our company and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors are defendants in certain legal proceedings and putative class actions. Please see Part I, Item 3, “Legal Proceedings.” These proceedings have resulted in significant expenses and the diversion of management attention from our business. In addition, the circumstances which gave rise to the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report continue to create the risk of additional litigation and claims by investors and examinations, investigations, proceedings and orders by regulatory authorities. These include a broad range of potential actions that may be taken against us by the SEC or other regulatory agencies, including a order and/or the assessment of possible civil monetary penalties. Any such further actions could be expensive and damaging to our business, the results of operations, and financial condition. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report, the remediation of deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, and any resulting litigation. We have devoted and expect to continue to devote substantial internal and external resources towards remediation efforts relating to the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report, the management review process and other efforts to regain timely compliance with the filing of our future SEC periodic and other reports. As a result of these efforts, we have incurred and expect that we will continue to incur significant incremental fees and expenses for additional accounting, financial and other consulting and professional services, as well as the implementation and maintenance of systems and processes that will need to be updated, supplemented or replaced. Specifically, in connection with the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report, audit and compliance efforts and related litigation and other proceedings, claims, governmental inquiries or investigation, and other demands, we have incurred professional fees totaling $18.6 million through January 31, 2025. The expenses we are incurring in this regard, as well as the substantial time devoted by our management, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report have diverted, and continue to divert, management and other human resources from the operation of our business. The circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report have diverted, and continue to divert, management and other human resources from the operation of our business. The Board of Directors, members of management, and our accounting, legal, administrative and other staff have spent significant time on the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report and will continue to spend significant time on related matters. These resources have been, and will likely continue to be, diverted from the strategic and management of our business and may have an adverse effect on our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 13 Additionally, due to the delay in filing the Annual Report as discussed in the Explanatory Note, our registration statements on Form S-8 were ineffective until the Annual Report was filed with the SEC. This hindered the Company’s ability to grant certain compensation under its existing compensation programs. The delay also prevented the Company from holding its annual meeting of stockholders, which would have allowed an increase in the number of common stock shares available for grant under its amended and restated 2020 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan. The inability to issue sufficient compensation could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain talent, potentially affecting our business growth, results of operations, and financial conditions. Our failure to file SEC reports timely has affected, and could continue to adversely affect our access to outside financing. As a result of the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report, we chose to terminate our obligations under certain loan agreements early. The failure to timely file our Delinquent Reports also has resulted in an obligation to pay additional interest and special interest under the terms of the indenture governing our 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the “2029 Convertible Notes”) (the “2029 Convertible Notes Indenture”), which was subsequently amended on February 20, 2025 to, among others, provide for the 2029 Convertible Notes to bear interest from February 20, 2025 at an annual rate of 3.50%. Please see Note 16, “Subsequent Events” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for information regarding the amendment of the terms of the 2029 Convertible Notes. While we have filed all the Delinquent Reports within the extension period granted by Nasdaq, if any of our SEC periodic or other reports becomes delinquent in the future, any sources of financing that may be available to us could also be at higher costs and require us to satisfy more restrictive covenants, which could limit or restrict our operations, cash flows and earnings. We cannot ensure that additional financing will be available to us or be sufficient or available on satisfactory terms. In addition, unless we have filed all required reports with the SEC, we will be precluded from registering our securities with the SEC for offer and sale, and the failure to timely file our SEC reports will limit our ability to use “ ” Form S-3 registration statements for registering our securities for sale with the SEC until we again meet the timely filing requirements of Form S-3. If we are unable to access outside financing in a timely manner, or we are not able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Matters relating to or arising from the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report, including adverse publicity and potential concerns from our customers, have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We have been and could continue to be the subject of negative publicity focused on the matters underlying the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report. We may be adversely impacted by negative reactions to this publicity from our customers or others with whom we do business, who may have concerns including the time and effort required to address our accounting and control environment and our ability to be a provider to our customers. The continued occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our business and have an adverse effect on our financial condition. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which could, if not remediated, adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Act of 2002, our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual reports, and annually our independent auditors must attest to and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. It is necessary for us to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting to prevent fraud and errors and to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures so that we can provide timely and reliable financial and other information. A failure to maintain adequate internal controls may adversely affect our ability to provide financial statements that accurately reflect our financial condition and report information on a timely basis. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 14 We have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2024 due to the existence of material weaknesses in such controls, and we have also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2024 due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, all as described in Part II, Item 9A, “Controls and Procedures” of this Annual Report. While we have initiated remediation measures to address the identified material weaknesses, we cannot provide assurance that our remediation efforts will be adequate to allow us to conclude that such controls will be effective in the future. We also cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not arise or be identified in the future. We intend to continue our control remediation activities and to continue to improve our overall control environment and our operational, information technology, financial systems, and infrastructure procedures and controls, as well as to continue to train and develop our personnel who are essential to effective internal controls. In doing so, we will continue to incur expenses and expend management time on issues. If we are unable to successfully complete our remediation efforts in a timely manner and are, therefore, not able to favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, this could further cause investors to lose confidence, and our operating results, financial position, ability to accurately report our financial results and timely file our SEC reports, and stock price could be adversely affected. Moreover, because of the inherent limitations of any control system, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, or at all. If we are unable to provide reliable and timely financial reports in the future or if our financial statements are restated, our business and reputation may be further harmed. Restated financial statements and failures in internal controls may also cause us to fail to meet reporting obligations, negatively affect investor and customer confidence in our management or result in adverse publicity and concerns from investors and customers, any of which could have a negative effect on the price of our common stock, subject us to further regulatory investigations, potential penalties or stockholder litigation, and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Operational and Execution Risks Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated and will likely fluctuate in the future, which could cause rapid declines in our stock price. We believe that our quarterly operating results will continue to be subject to fluctuation due to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors that may affect quarterly operating results include: • The circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report; • Fluctuations in demand for our products, in part due to factors such as changes in emergent and rapidly evolving markets (such as AI) and changes in the global economic environment; • Fluctuations in availability and costs associated with key components, particularly semiconductors, memory, storage solutions, and other materials needed to satisfy customer requirements; • The timing of the introduction of new products by leading microprocessor vendors and other suppliers; • Fluctuations based upon seasonality, with the quarters ending March 31 and September 30 typically being weaker; • The ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing or fund capital expenditures; • Fluctuations in the timing and size of large customer orders, including with respect to changes in sales and implementation cycles of our products into our customers’ spending plans and associated revenue; • Variability of our margins based on the mix of server and storage systems, subsystems and accessories we sell and the percentage of our sales to internet data center, cloud computing customers or certain geographical regions; • The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, and our success in emergent and rapidly evolving markets (such as AI), and incorporating emerging technologies in our products, as well as the adoption of new standards; • Changes in our product pricing policies, including those made in response to new product announcements and fluctuations in availability and costs of key components; • Mix of whether customer purchases are of partially or fully integrated systems or subsystems and accessories and whether made directly or through our indirect sales channel partners; • The effect of mergers and acquisitions among our competitors, suppliers, customers, or partners; • General economic conditions in our geographic markets; • Geopolitical tensions, including regional conflicts, trade wars, tariffs and/or sanctions in our geographic markets; and SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 15 • Impact of regulatory changes (including export control) on our cost of doing business. Customers may hesitate to purchase, or not continue to purchase, our products based upon the circumstances discussed in the Explanatory Note in this Annual Report. If we fail to meet expectations of investors or analysts, our stock price may fall rapidly and without notice. Furthermore, the fluctuation of quarterly operating results may render less meaningful comparisons of our operating results, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. If we fail to meet any publicly announced financial guidance or other expectations about our business, it could cause our stock to decline in value. We generally provide financial guidance when we announce our financial results for the prior quarter. No assurances can be given that we will continue to provide financial guidance, and if we do issue forward looking guidance, the uncertainties related to these items could cause us to revise such guidance. If issued, we undertake no obligation to update any guidance at any time. In the past, our financial results have failed from time to time to meet the guidance we provided. There are a number of reasons why we have at times failed to meet guidance in the past and might fail again in the future, including, but not limited to, the factors described in these Risk Factors. We depend upon the development of new products and enhancements to our existing products, and if we fail to predict or respond to emerging technological trends and our customers’ changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer. The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new product introductions, and evolving methods of operations. While our revenues increased in fiscal year 2024, our operating results depend on our ability to develop and introduce new products into existing and emerging markets (such as AI) and to reduce the production costs of existing products. If our customers do not purchase our products, our business will be harmed. The process of developing products incorporating new technologies is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends our business could be harmed. We must commit significant resources, including the investments we have been making in our strategic priorities to developing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in products and services the market will accept and investments to purchase inventory of key components for which there have been periods of supply constraint. If the industry does not evolve as we believe it will, or if our strategy for addressing this evolution is not successful, many of our strategic initiatives and investments may be of no or limited value. Suppliers of our key components may introduce new technologies that are critical to the functionality of our products more quickly than anticipated, which may render components we have on hand obsolete, saddling us with excess inventory which we may not be able to utilize in our products or sell at prices we had anticipated. Conversely, suppliers of our key components may also introduce new technologies that are critical to the functionality of our products at a slower rate than their competition, which could adversely impact our ability to timely develop and provide competitive offerings to our customers. Similarly, our business could be harmed if we fail to develop, or fail to develop in a timely fashion, offerings to address other transitions, or if the offerings addressing these other transitions that ultimately succeed are based on technology, or an approach to technology, different from ours. In addition, our business could be adversely affected in the periods surrounding our new product introductions if customers delay purchasing decisions to qualify or otherwise evaluate the new product offerings. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on our vision or strategy because of challenges with regards to product planning and timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors, some of which may also be our suppliers, providing those solutions before we do and loss of market share, revenue, and earnings. The success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new product and service definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, market acceptance of these products, and providing appropriate support of these products. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies developed by others will not render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. The products and technologies in our other product categories and key priority and growth areas may not prove to have the market success we anticipate, and we may not successfully identify and invest in other emerging or new products. SMCI | 2024 Form 10-K | 16 We may lose sales or incur unexpected expenses relating to insufficient, excess or obsolete inventory. To offer greater choices and optimization of our products to benefit our customers, we maintain a high level of inventory. If we fail to maintain sufficient inventory, we may not be able to meet demand for our products on a timely basis, and our sales may suffer. If we overestimate customer demand for our products for whatever reason (including technology changing more rapidly than we anticipate), we could experience excess inventory of our products and be unable to sell those products at a reasonable price, or at all. As a result, we may need to record higher inventory reserves. In addition, from time to time we assume greater inventory risk in connection with the purchase or manufacture of more specialized components in connection with higher volume sales opportunities. In the past, we have taken certain actions including our increased purchase of certain critical materials and components as a part of our response planning for various uncertainties and risks, such as periods of supply constraint of key components and those related to lingering effects of the pandemic. Specifically, we sought to actively manage our supply chain for potential risks of shortage by building inventories of critical components required for our motherboards and other system printed circuit boards, as well as add to our inventories of key components such as GPUs, CPUs, memory, and solid state drives ("SSDs") so that customer orders can be fulfilled as rapidly as possible after they are received. We may continue to take similar actions in the future based

[truncated]