Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 40 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 54 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 122 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 122 Item 9B. Other Information 127 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 128 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 129 Item 11. Executive Compensation 138 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 164 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 166 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 170 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 170 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 175 Signatures 176 Unless the context requires otherwise, the words “Super Micro,” “Supermicro,” “we,” “Company,” “us” and “our” in this document refer to Super Micro Computer, Inc. and where appropriate, our wholly owned subsidiaries. Supermicro, the Company logo and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Annual Report”) are the property of Super Micro Computer, Inc. or its affiliates. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. The information contained on our website, or available by hyperlink from our website, or in our social media posts is not incorporated into this Annual Report or other documents we file with, or furnish to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We intend to use our website and social media posts as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Such disclosures will be included in the "Investor Relations" section of our website. Accordingly, investors should monitor that section of our website, in addition to following our social media posts, press releases, investor presentations, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING STATEMENTS This Annual Report contains “ statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that involve risks and uncertainties. This Annual Report includes, among others, statements regarding: our future results of operations and financial performance; our business strategy and objectives; our planned product development and innovation; our goals for manufacturing and operational expansion; market opportunities and outlook, including technological trends, such as artificial intelligence; the potential impact of the uncertain macroeconomic and global economic conditions on our financial results; our ability to successfully compete in the markets in which we serve; the impact of current and future U.S. and foreign trade regulations, government actions and regulatory changes; the impact of tariffs on our business; the status or expected outcome of litigation and/or regulatory investigations; our capital allocation strategy, including our intention not to pay dividends on our common stock; and our cash, cash equivalents and cash generated from operations and our future liquidity requirements. In some cases, you can identify statements by terminology including “would,” “could,” “may,” “will,” “goal,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “project,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “probable of achievement,” or “continue,” the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the statements. In evaluating these statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks described below, under Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors”, and in other parts of this Annual Report as well as in our other filings with the SEC. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the statements. These statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. PART I Item 1. Business Our Company We are a Silicon provider of total information technology ("IT") solutions which address demanding workloads from the enterprise and cloud to the intelligent edge. We deliver solutions optimized for various workloads, including artificial intelligence (“AI”) and computing (“HPC”), where acceleration is critical. Additionally, we offer an extensive portfolio of server and storage solutions for enterprise data centers, cloud service providers ("CSPs"), and edge computing applications, such as 5G Telco, Retail and embedded. During fiscal year 2026, we advanced our transformation into a total data center infrastructure provider through our Data Center Building Block Solutions ® (“DCBBS”), an integrated offering that delivers complete, modular AI infrastructure from validated components and , ranging from individual graphics processing units (“GPUs”) and networking switches to complete racks, site infrastructure, management software, and professional services. This complements our Total IT Solutions, which encompass complete servers, storage systems, modular blade servers, workstations, scale solutions, networking devices, server and server management. These solutions are designed, developed, validated and installed for leading AI data centers. Our Total IT Solutions are designed for optimal power and thermal management, including using Supermicro’s liquid cooling technologies. We also provide global support and services to help our customers install, upgrade and maintain their computing infrastructure, including operations. We offer our customers a high degree of flexibility and customization by providing a broad array of server models and configurations from which they can choose the best solutions to meet their computing needs. Our server and storage systems, , and accessories are architecturally designed for high reliability, quality, configurability, and scalability. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 1 Table of Contents Our design competencies, design control over many of the required within our server and storage systems, and our Server Building Block Solutions ® (an innovative, modular and open architecture) enable us to rapidly develop, build and test complete solutions, which include servers, storage, software, and networking components. As a result, when new technologies are brought to market, we are generally able to quickly assemble a broad portfolio of solutions by leveraging common building blocks across product lines. We work closely with the leading microprocessor, GPU, memory, disk/flash, and interconnect vendors and other hardware and software suppliers to coordinate our new products’ design with their product release schedules. This enhances our ability to rapidly introduce new products by incorporating the latest technology, improve quality and reduce costs. We seek to be the first to market with superior product designs, and we have the ability to offer a broad selection of products using those technologies to our customers. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026, we continued to expand our worldwide capacity, including a significant expansion of our Silicon Valley operations, including the construction of a new business complex and additional property leases to support our DCBBS campus near our San Jose headquarters. We conduct our operations principally from our Silicon Valley headquarters, and facilities in Taiwan, Malaysia, and the Netherlands. Our sales and marketing activities operate through a combination of our direct sales force and indirect sales channel partners. We work with distributors, resellers, system integrators, and original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) to market and sell our optimized solutions to their end customers in our indirect sales channels. Strategy Our objective is to be the world’s leading provider of Total AI/IT Solutions, through a richer enterprise customer mix and broader adoption of our optimized DCBBS architecture. Combined with continued investment in technology leadership, manufacturing scale, and global compliance, we are enabling customers to deploy AI infrastructure faster and more efficiently, offering a comprehensive portfolio of , application-optimized server, storage and networking solutions. Achieving this objective requires continuous development and innovation of our Total AI/IT Solutions portfolio with better and architectural advantages over both prior generations of our solutions and competitors’ offerings. Through our strategy, we seek to maintain or improve our relative competitive position in many product areas and pursue markets that provide us with additional growth opportunities. Key elements of our strategy include executing upon the following: Strong Internal Research and Development and Internal Manufacturing Capability We are continually investing in our engineering organization. As of June 30, 2026, we had over 3,500 employees in our research and development organization. These resources, along with our understanding of complex computing and storage requirements, enable us to deliver product innovation featuring advanced functionality and capabilities required by our customers. Also, our worldwide manufacturing facilities enable us to reduce the time to delivery in every geography around the world. Our engineers work directly with our manufacturing personnel to plan together and identify and address any issues together. Introducing Innovative Products Faster We seek to sustain advantages in both and breadth of products by incorporating the latest technological innovations, such as new processors (central processing units (“CPUs”), and GPUs), liquid cooling enhancements, advancements in memory and storage, and evolving input/output ("I/O") technologies. We seek these advantages by leveraging our design capabilities and our Building Block Solutions ® architecture. This allows us to offer customers a broad range of products tailored to their specific application requirements and to focus on delivering products with better . In particular, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026 (“fiscal year 2026”): • We delivered a comprehensive portfolio of solutions specifically designed to support the latest AI workloads, including products compatible with NVIDIA's Blackwell and Blackwell Ultra generation platforms, such as the NVIDIA GB300 NVL72, GB200 NVL72, and HGX B300 and B200 systems, in and configurations; SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 2 Table of Contents • We continued to scale our DCBBS, which simplify the deployment of AI factories by integrating all critical infrastructure components—servers, storage, networking, racks, liquid cooling infrastructure, power distribution, software, services, and support. In approximately one year, our DCBBS product lines grew to more than ten key subsystems, including coolant distribution units, heat exchangers, chilled doors, power shelves, battery backup units, water towers, dry towers, switching, and data center management software; • We continued to deploy our Direct Liquid Cooling solution, , engineered to significantly reduce power and water consumption, noise, and spatial requirements in data centers. provides nearly full heat capture coverage of up to 98% per server rack, can reduce data center power consumption by up to 40% compared to installations, and can decrease total cost of ownership (“TCO”) by up to 20%; • We announced support for, and expanded manufacturing and capacity for, the upcoming NVIDIA Vera Rubin platform, including the NVIDIA Vera Rubin NVL72 and NVIDIA HGX Rubin NVL8 systems, and introduced DCBBS Blueprints for these platforms designed to scale AI data centers from a 5 megawatt (“MW”) to a 1 gigawatt ("GW") power envelope; • We introduced new products supporting Intel Xeon 6 and Intel Xeon 6+ processors, AMD EPYC processors, and AMD Instinct™ MI350 series GPUs (MI350X and MI355X), and expanded our portfolio with Arm®-based platforms and additional Open Compute Project (“OCP”) ORv3-compliant systems; • We announced support for AMD’s next–generation Helios platform. Helios is a 72-GPU system powered by AMD Instinct MI455X GPUs, 6th Gen AMD EPYC™ CPUs, and AMD Pensando™ networking technologies all unified by the open AMD ROCm™ software stack; • We expanded our product offerings to include systems that support Arm AGI CPUs with an 2U and 5U rackmount server, as well as a solution designed specifically for agentic AI deployments; • We expanded our edge and internet of things ("IoT") portfolio with a variety of new systems designed for environments that require compact, efficient compute solutions; and • We broadened our storage offerings with storage solutions built for AI training and inference workloads, including systems designed for context memory extension. Capitalizing on New Applications and Technologies In addition to meeting traditional needs for server and storage systems, we have devoted, and will continue to devote, substantial resources to developing systems that support emerging and growing applications including AI, cloud computing, 5G/edge computing, storage and others. We believe there are significant opportunities for us in each of these rapidly developing markets, driven by stringent design requirements for these applications that often require the use of the latest technologies, allowing us to leverage our capabilities in product innovation, superior , and portfolio breadth. Liquid Cooling To reduce the high cost of operating and address constraints on power and cooling in data centers, IT managers increasingly turn to suppliers that offer , , , and environmentally friendly products. Our resource saving architecture supports our leadership in green IT innovation. We offer product lines that are designed to share common computing resources, thereby saving both valuable space and power as compared to rackmount servers. In addition, due to the advanced power requirements of these systems, we provide liquid cooling solutions across our designs to optimize the elevated power and thermal management requirements. We believe our approach of leveraging an overall architecture that balances data center power requirements, cooling, shared resources and refresh cycles helps reduce environmental impact while providing TCO savings for our customers. Liquid cooling necessitates the need for integration of the power and cooling infrastructure. We design, build, test, validate, and deliver complete rack scale solutions for cold plate solutions for CPUs, GPUs, and memory. In addition, we manufacture the sophisticated management systems -- Cooling Distribution Units, Cooling Distribution Manifolds -- to regulate system temperatures for maximum performance. Our technology stack also includes rear door heat exchangers, sidecars, and cooling towers, along with proprietary coolant fluids engineered for enhanced chemical and thermal stability. Liquid cooling can be easily included in integrations to further increase system efficiency, reduce instances of thermal throttling, and lower both the TCO and Total Cost to Environment of data center deployments. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 3 Table of Contents Driving Software and Services Sales to our Global Enterprise Customers We work closely with customers by offering total data center management software. This enables data center operators to closely monitor their entire IT infrastructure, identify potential issues, and address them before they lead to failures. By offering management software and worldwide onsite and remote services to our customers, we also drive additional revenue for our total IT solutions. These software products and services are required for deployments, help meet service level agreements and address uptime requirements. In addition to our internal software development efforts, we partner with external software vendors to meet customer requirements. Leveraging Our Global Operating Structure We are committed to expanding our worldwide manufacturing capacity and logistics operations across the United States, Taiwan, the Netherlands, and Malaysia. During fiscal year 2026, we significantly expanded our Silicon Valley operations including the construction of a new business complex and additional property leases to support our DCBBS campus near our San Jose headquarters. This strategic expansion allows us to serve our customers more efficiently, reduce time to delivery, mitigate the impact of tariffs and regional costs, and reduce overall manufacturing costs. Products and Services We offer a broad range of compute, storage and edge platforms that are application-optimized server solutions, rackmount and blade servers, storage, and subsystems and accessories. These products are designed to serve a variety of markets, such as enterprise data centers, cloud computing, AI and 5G/edge computing. We complement our accelerated compute platforms inclusive of server and storage system offerings with software management, global services and support, the revenue for which is included in our server and storage systems revenue. Server and Storage Systems We offer platforms in rackmount, blade, and embedded form factors, which support single, dual, and multiprocessor architectures. Our key product lines include: • An extensive portfolio of liquid and air cooled AI Servers for Training and Inferencing with integrated GPUs or PCIe based architectures; • SuperBlade ® , MicroBlade ® , FlexTwin™, GrandTwin ® , and BigTwin ® blade and system families that are designed for density, performance, and efficiency that share common computing resources, thereby saving space and power over standard rackmount servers and offering superior serviceability and manageability; • SuperStorage systems that provide storage while leveraging an efficient use of power to achieve performance- savings. Our storage systems are also designed for maximum performance for AI training and inference environments; • Hyper, CloudDC, and WIO, an extensive rackmount system family that provides optimization for a broad range of workloads and environments that deliver entire clusters of racks, with both and options, per customer requirements; • Embedded (5G/IoT/Edge) systems optimized for evolving networks and intelligent management of connected devices; and • MicroCloud server systems that deliver node density in environments with space and power constraints. In addition to our server and storage platforms business, we offer a large array of modular server subsystems and accessories, including server boards, chassis, power supplies and other accessories. These subsystems serve as the foundation for platform solutions, covering a range of product offerings from single and servers to multiprocessor markets. The majority of the subsystems and accessories we sell individually are designed to work together to optimize performance and are ultimately integrated into complete server and storage systems. Server Software Management Solutions Our open remote system management solutions, such as our Server Management suite, including Supermicro Server Manager, Supermicro Power Management software, Supermicro Update Manager, SuperCloud Composer, SuperCloud Director, and SuperDoctor 5, are designed to efficiently manage heterogeneous data center environments, including liquid cooling. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 4 Table of Contents Supermicro Global Services We are expanding our global service capabilities in support of AI Cluster deployments and the need to support Enterprise AI adoption in data centers. We provide global service and support offerings for our direct and OEM customers and our indirect sales channel partners, either directly or through approved distributors and partners. We also identify service requirements, create and execute project plans, conduct verification testing, offer training, and provide technical documentation. Rack Level Services: Our rack level services provide complete service from design to deployment for full rack and cluster level deployments of AI and HPC data centers. We leverage Supermicro experts and resources to work with leading CSP and Enterprise data centers to completely design and deliver solutions handling all phases of the data center design and rack integration and installation process. We provide a single point of contact for the entire solution accelerating time to online and optimizing performance and efficiency. Global Services: Our strategic direct and OEM customers may purchase a variety of support service plans. Our service plans vary in terms of specific services, response times, coverage hours and duration, repair priority levels, spare parts requirements, logistics, data privacy and security needs. Our Global Services team provides help desk services and product support for our server and storage systems. Support Services: Our customer support services offer competitive warranties, typically ranging from years, and warranty extension options for products sold by our direct sales team and approved indirect sales channel partners. Our customer support team provides ongoing maintenance and technical support for our products through our website and 24/7 direct support. Research and Development We perform most of our research and development activities in the United States at our facilities in San Jose, California, and in Taiwan. This approach enhances communication and collaboration between our design teams, streamlining the development process and reducing . We believe that the combination of our focus on internal research and development activities, our close working relationships with local customers and vendors and our modular design approach allows us to decrease , improve quality and deliver superior product designs. Additionally, we continue to invest in reducing our design and manufacturing costs while improving the performance, and power- and of our Total IT Solutions. Our research and development teams focus on the development of new and enhanced products that can support emerging technological and engineering innovations while achieving high overall system performance. Much of our research and development activity relates to the new product cycles of leading processor vendors. We work closely with NVIDIA, Intel and AMD, among others, to develop products that are compatible with the latest generation of technologies under development. Our collaborative approach with these vendors allows us to align the design of our new products with their product release schedules, thereby enhancing our ability to rapidly introduce new products incorporating the latest technology. We work closely with their respective development teams to enhance system performance and reduce issues. Similarly, we work very closely with our customers to understand their needs and develop our new product plans accordingly. Customers During each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2026, 2025, and 2024, we sold to over 1,000 customers in over 100 countries. In addition, over the last three fiscal years, we have sold to thousands of end users through our indirect sales channel. These customers represent a diverse set of market verticals including enterprise data centers, cloud computing, AI, 5G and edge computing markets. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing activities are conducted through a combination of our direct sales force and our indirect sales channel partners. Our direct sales force is primarily focused on selling Total IT Solutions and DCBBS, including management software and global services, to large scale cloud, enterprise and OEM customers. In addition, we operate a centralized command center, designed to assist customers with quick and accurate configurations. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 5 Table of Contents We work with distributors, resellers, system integrators, and OEMs to market and sell our optimized solutions to their end customers. We provide sales and marketing assistance and training to our indirect sales channel partners and OEMs. We leverage our relationships in our indirect sales channel and with OEMs to penetrate select industry vertical market segments where our products can provide better alternatives to existing solutions. We maintain close contact with our indirect sales channel partners and end customers. We often collaborate during the sales process with our indirect sales channel partners and the end customer’s technical staff to determine the optimal system configuration for the customer’s needs. Our interaction with our indirect sales channel partners and end customers allows us to monitor customer requirements and develop new products to meet their needs. International Sales Our global sales efforts are primarily supported by our international offices in the Netherlands, Taiwan, Malaysia, as well as by our United States based sales team. Product fulfillment and first level support for our international customers are provided by Supermicro Global Services, as well as through our indirect sales channel and OEMs. Sales to customers located outside of the United States represented 29.1%, 40.6%, and 32.0% of net sales in fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Our geographic sales mix fluctuated significantly during fiscal year 2026, driven in part by the concentrated deployment of AI data center customers. Marketing Our marketing programs are designed to create global awareness and for our company and products, as well as an understanding of the significant value we bring to customers. These programs also inform existing and potential customers, the trade press, market analysts, indirect sales channel partners, and OEMs about the strong capabilities and benefits of using our products and solutions. Our marketing efforts support the sale and distribution of our products through both direct sales and indirect channels. We utilize a variety of marketing vehicles, including advertising, public relations, web, social media, collateral, and participation in industry events and tradeshows, to build market awareness and generate new customer demand. We provide cooperative marketing funds to our indirect sales channel partners to extend the reach of our marketing efforts. We also leverage our suppliers’ cooperative marketing programs to jointly benefit from their marketing development funds. Intellectual Property ("IP") We seek to protect our intellectual property rights with a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and disclosure restrictions. We rely primarily on trade secrets, technical , and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our design and product development activities. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants, and other third parties and control access to our designs, documentation, and other proprietary information. Although we believe that our patents have value, neither our business as a whole nor any of our principal businesses are materially dependent on a single patent. Manufacturing and Quality Control We manufacture the majority of our systems at our San Jose, California headquarters. We believe we are the only major server, storage, and accelerated compute platform vendor that designs, develops, and manufactures a significant portion of its systems in the United States. Global assembly, test and quality control of our servers are performed at our manufacturing facilities in San Jose, California, Taiwan, the Netherlands, and Malaysia. During fiscal year 2026, we expanded our United States manufacturing capacity, including a new Silicon Valley business complex and DCBBS campus near our headquarters. In each of our existing facilities, a Quality and Environmental Management System has been certified according to ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and/or ISO 13485 standards. Our suppliers and contract manufacturers are required to adhere to the same standards to maintain consistent product and service quality and continuous improvement of quality and environmental performance. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 6 Table of Contents We use several suppliers and contract manufacturers for materials and . We believe that selectively using outsourced manufacturing services allows us to focus on our core competencies in product design and development, and increases our operational flexibility. We believe our manufacturing strategy allows us to adjust manufacturing capacity in response to changes in customer demand and to rapidly introduce new products to the market. We use Ablecom Technology, Inc. (“Ablecom”) and its affiliate Compuware Technology, Inc. (“Compuware”), both of which are related parties to us, for contract design and manufacturing coordination support. We work with Ablecom to optimize modular designs for our chassis and several other components. Ablecom also coordinates the manufacturing of chassis for us. In addition to providing a large volume of contract manufacturing services to us, Ablecom warehouses multiple components and subassemblies manufactured by various suppliers before shipping them to our facilities in the United States, Europe, and Asia. We also have a series of agreements with Compuware, including multiple product development, production and service agreements, as well as product manufacturing agreements and lease agreements for office space. Compuware also serves as a authorized distributor of our products and, from time to time, as our sales representative. See Note 11, “Related Party Transactions” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report and Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence.” We continuously monitor our inventory to meet customer delivery requirements and minimize the risk of inventory obsolescence. Due to our designs, our inventory can generally be used with multiple products, lowering working capital requirements and reducing the risk of inventory . During fiscal year 2026, the computer server industry experienced supply constraints for certain components, including memory and storage, as well as GPU and CPU availability, which affected the timing of certain of our product deliveries, as well as the pricing of these items. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to our Global Operating Business and Industry—We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain components used to manufacture our products" for additional information. Competition The market for our products is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to new technological developments, changing customer needs and new product introductions. In addition, we also face competition from smaller vendors that specialize in the sale of server components and systems. In recent years, we have experienced increased competition from original design manufacturers (“ODMs”) that benefit from their scale and very manufacturing and are increasingly offering their own branded products. We believe our principal competitors include: • global technology vendors, such as Cisco, Dell, Enterprise, and Lenovo; and • ODMs, such as Foxconn, Quanta Computer, and Wiwynn Corporation. The principal competitive factors in our market include the following: • rack Scale Total IT Solutions to reduce TCO for our customers; • first to market with new emerging technologies, offered at a competitive price; • broad product portfolio providing customers more options to optimize for their workload and environment; • high product performance, efficiency and reliability; • early identification of emerging opportunities; • design and manufacturing; • sufficient manufacturing capacity necessary to support market demand; • energy efficient (Green Computing) product designs that reduce environmental impact, overall power consumption, and costs; and • localized and responsive customer support on a worldwide basis. We believe that we compete favorably with respect to most of these factors. However, most of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, greater name recognition, or deeper market penetration. They may be able to allocate more resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products, which could allow them to respond more quickly to new technologies and changes in customer needs. In addition, it is possible that new competitors could emerge and gain significant market share. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to our Global Operating Business and Industry—Changing technology and intense competition require us to continuously innovate while controlling product costs, and our failure to do so may result in decreased revenues and profitability" for additional information. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 7 Table of Contents Government Regulation Compliance with laws, rules, and regulations has not otherwise had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to IP ownership and infringement, taxes, import and export requirements and tariffs, , business acquisitions, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising, employment, product regulations, cybersecurity, environmental, health and safety requirements, the responsible use of AI, climate change, cryptocurrency, and consumer laws, could further increase our costs, impact our competitive position, and otherwise may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in subsequent periods. To date, costs and expenses incurred to comply with these governmental regulations, including environmental and import and export controls regulations, have not been material to our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position, although costs, including legal, consulting and personnel expenditures, may continue to increase as a result of the evolving regulatory landscape and matters described in “Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters” below. We are subject to U.S. and other applicable trade control regulations that restrict with whom we may transact business, including the economic sanctions administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and the export and import control regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”), enforced by the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”), among other U.S. and .S. government agencies. We may also be subject to sanctions and trade control regulations administered by other jurisdictions in which we operate, including the European Union, the United Kingdom, and the United Nations Security Council. If we fail to comply with applicable sanctions, export control, import, or antiboycott laws and regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions, including civil and/or criminal penalties, the blocking or freezing of assets, prohibition of transactions, or denial of export privileges. The U.S. and other countries continually update their lists of items, technologies, and restricted parties, and may impose new or more restrictive export, imports, or sanctions requirements on our products, customers, or markets in the future. Our products, or those on which we or our customers rely, may be classified under the Commerce Control List and may require export licenses depending on the classification, destination, end user, and end use. As a result of regulatory changes, we may be required to obtain licenses or other authorizations to continue supporting existing customers or to supply existing products to new customers in China, Eastern Europe, Southeast Asia, and elsewhere. Further escalations in trade restrictions or hostilities, particularly between the U.S. and China, could impede our ability to develop, sell or support our products. We maintain an export compliance program designed to comply with applicable export controls. However, there can be no assurance that our compliance efforts will successfully prevent all violations or that our products will not be diverted to unauthorized end users or end uses in circumvention of our program. In connection with the matters described under “Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters” below, the Company has undertaken, and is continuing to undertake, a review and enhancement of its export compliance program. There can be no assurance that these enhancements will be sufficient to prevent future violations or satisfy the expectations of governmental authorities. In October 2022, U.S. export restrictions and export licensing requirements were imposed targeting China’s semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impact exports of software, hardware, equipment, and technology used to develop, produce or manufacture certain chips in China (including Hong Kong). At the same time, export restrictions and export license requirements were also imposed on certain GPUs and advanced integrated circuits, as well as computing equipment containing such components, with a focus on China (including Hong Kong). In November 2023, the export control restrictions on advanced integrated circuits, supercomputing and other end uses were revised and further expanded to cover additional countries where we sell our products, such as those in the Middle East, as well as additional parties based on the location of their headquarters, or the headquarters of their ultimate parent. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 8 Table of Contents In January 2025, the U.S. export control regulations targeting advanced integrated circuits and computing were further revised to include a worldwide authorization requirement for certain of our advanced computing products (the “AI Diffusion Rule”). In May 2025, BIS announced the rescission of the AI Diffusion Rule and stated that it would not enforce the rule's worldwide licensing and other requirements, and issued new guidance to strengthen export controls on advanced computing integrated circuits, including guidance regarding the potential diversion of such items and the application of General Prohibition 10. BIS has stated that it intends to issue replacement export control regulations in the future, but the scope and timing of those regulatory changes remain uncertain. BIS did not change the controls over advanced computing items, which, for example, require licenses to ship such items to most countries in the Middle East, China, and to companies worldwide if headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent in, China. Such regulatory changes could impact our new and existing business, and place new regulatory requirements on our suppliers, customers and/or end users, or on the data centers into which our products are deployed. Compliance with regulations is complex and time consuming. We may experience delays in implementing procedures to address the evolving regulatory requirements. The process to obtain licenses required under applicable export control regulations is complicated and in the event we determine to pursue them, and there is no guarantee that they will be granted. Our competitive position and future results may be harmed, over the , if there are further changes in import and export controls, including further expansion of the geographic, customer, end use, deemed export, or product scope of the controls, if customers purchase product from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are unable to provide contractual warranty or other extended service obligations, if licenses are not granted in a timely manner or denied to significant customers or if we incur significant transition costs. Even if requested licenses are granted, they may be temporary or impose burdensome conditions that we or our customers or end users cannot or choose not to fulfill. The licensing requirements may benefit certain of our competitors, as the licensing process could make our technical support efforts more cumbersome and less certain, encouraging customers to pursue alternatives to our products. In addition, certain inbound or outbound investments involving sensitive technologies, including advanced computing and semiconductor technologies, may be subject to review, notification, or prohibition under U.S. or other regulations, including foreign direct investment regimes such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and the U.S. Outbound Investment Security Program. These requirements may limit our ability to pursue certain strategic investments, joint ventures, or acquisitions, and may increase the cost, delay, or uncertainty associated with such transactions. See “Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters” for additional discussion of risks related to government regulation. Human Capital Resources and Management We recognize the critical importance of talent and culture in fulfilling our vision as an innovator in , server, storage, networking, and management solutions. We consider our highly qualified and motivated employees to be a key factor in our business success. Demographics As of June 30, 2026, we employed over 7,000 employees, consisting of approximately 3,500 employees engaged in research and development, approximately 800 engaged in sales and marketing, approximately 600 engaged in general and administrative, and approximately 2,100 engaged in manufacturing. Of these employees, over 3,200 employees are based in our San Jose, California headquarter facilities. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining organization, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. Talent Strategy Our talent strategy focuses on attracting skilled, engaged employees who contribute the capabilities critical to our innovative and business. Our recruiting process sources candidates with professional qualifications and growth potential. We conduct performance reviews and set clear expectations to motivate employees toward Company objectives and personal growth. We provide and product related training to ensure our employees have the knowledge and skills to maintain our competitive industry advantage. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 9 Table of Contents Culture We believe a workplace that encourages different voices, perspectives, and backgrounds creates better teams, smarter solutions, and faster innovation. We strive to create a culture that promotes inclusion and belonging to boost team dynamics, productivity, and innovation within the organization. We believe employees should expect to be treated fairly and respectfully and should feel comfortable contributing, knowing that their perspectives are heard and valued. Total Rewards Program Our total rewards program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, help achieve our strategic goals, and create value for our stockholders. Compensation packages include base salary, bonus programs, and equity grants to eligible employees. Health, Safety & Wellness We are committed to providing a safe workplace that protects against and limits personal injury and environmental harm. We follow international standards and regulations for product safety and security. Our health and safety programs emphasize personal accountability, professional conduct, and regulatory compliance, while our culture fosters proactivity, caution, and communication. Corporate Information We were founded and maintain our worldwide headquarters in San Jose, California, where approximately half of our employees are based. As one of the largest employers in the City of San Jose, we are proud to be an active member of the San Jose and Silicon Valley communities. We were incorporated in California in September 1993 and subsequently reincorporated in Delaware in March 2007. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “SMCI”. Our 7.00% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock”) in the form of depositary shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker “SMCIP”. Our principal executive offices are located at 980 Rock Avenue, San Jose, California 95131. Our telephone number is (408) 503-8000, and our website address is www.supermicro.com. Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas Please see Note 2, “Segment Information” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report for information regarding segment reporting, as well as our net sales by geographic region. See Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” for further information on risks associated with our international operations. Working Capital We place significant emphasis on managing our inventories and other working capital related items. We manage inventories through active communication with our customers and partners, using our industry experience to accurately forecast demand. Based on these forecasts, we place manufacturing orders for our products. We maintain substantial inventories of our products because the computer server industry is characterized by short orders and quick delivery schedules. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 10 Table of Contents Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge, on or through our website at www.supermicro.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or made part of, this Annual Report or our other filings with, or reports furnished to, the SEC. The SEC’s website, www.sec.gov , contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information contained on our website, or available by hyperlink from our website, or in our social media posts is not incorporated into this Annual Report or other documents we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. We intend to use our website and social media posts as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Such disclosures will be included in the "Investor Relations" section of our website. Accordingly, investors should monitor that section of our website, in addition to following our social media posts, press releases, investor presentations, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 11 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information in this Annual Report, including “Legal Proceedings,” “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” “Controls and Procedures” and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. Unless otherwise indicated, references to our business being harmed in these risk factors will include harm to our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. You should not interpret our disclosure of any of the following risks to imply that such risks have not already materialized. Risk Factor Summary The following summarizes the principal factors that make an investment in the Company speculative or risky. This summary should be read in conjunction with the remainder of this “Risk Factors” section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. The occurrence of any of these risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the risk factors described in our public filings when evaluating our business. Risks Related to our Global Operating Business and Industry • Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and will likely fluctuate in the future, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline; • If we fail to meet any publicly announced financial guidance or other expectations about our business, it could cause our stock to decline in value; • Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results; • Our sales are concentrated in a few large customers, and if we lose or experience a significant reduction in sales to any key customer, or any key customer experiences a significant decline in market share, or significant financial difficulties, our revenue may decrease substantially and our results of operations and financial condition may be harmed; • We may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, which in turn could impair the rate of our growth, and any financing that we do obtain may dilute our stockholders, restrict our growth, or contain other unfavorable terms; • Our cost structure, ability to deliver server solutions to customers, and ability to resolve warranty claims in a timely manner may be adversely affected by volatility of the market for core components and certain materials for our products; • We face risks related to recessions, inflation, stagflation, and other macroeconomic conditions; • We may be unable to attract, retain, and motivate our executives and key employees; • Conflicts of interest may arise with Ablecom and Compuware, and they may adversely affect our operations; • Our reliance on Ablecom and Compuware could be subject to risks associated with our reliance on a limited source of contract manufacturing services and inventory warehousing; • If we lose Charles Liang, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, or any other key employee or are unable to attract additional key employees, we may not be able to implement our business strategy in a timely manner; • We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties. If we are unable to accurately predict customer demand, we may hold excess or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our gross margin. Conversely, we may have insufficient inventory or be unable to obtain the supplies or contract manufacturing capacity to meet demand, which would result in lost revenue opportunities and potential loss of market share as well as damaged customer relationships; • If negative publicity arises with respect to us, our employees, our service providers or our partners, our business and operating results could be adversely affected, regardless of whether the negative publicity is true; • We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain components used to manufacture our products; • Changing technology and intense competition require us to continuously innovate while controlling product costs, and our failure to do so may result in decreased revenues and profitability; • The AI industry has driven a significant portion of our recent success. The AI industry involves significant risks and uncertainties, and the use of AI by our workforce may present risks to our business; SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 12 Table of Contents • Our results of operations may be subject to fluctuations based upon certain investments we make; • Our growth into markets outside the United States exposes us to risks inherent in international business operations. • Climate change may have a impact on our business; • We were delinquent in certain SEC reporting obligations in prior fiscal years, which may increase the risk of SEC enforcement actions, damage investor confidence, and require significant resources to correct. We have since implemented enhanced compliance controls to prevent recurrence; • We previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which could, if not remediated, adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner. We are implementing measures to remediate these material weaknesses. Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters • We have been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to various lawsuits and other legal proceedings, disputes, claims, and government inquiries and investigations, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a way that could seriously harm our business, and any orders, actions or rulings not in our favor could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition; • We are subject to complex laws, rules, regulations, and political and other actions, including restrictions on the export of our products, which may adversely impact our business; • Because our products and services may store, process and use data, some of which contains personal information, we are subject to complex and evolving domestic and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and other matters, which are subject to change and may adversely impact our business and operating results; • Adequately protecting our intellectual property rights could be costly, and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products; • Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, other applicable and laws, and applicable trade control laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences; • Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law and provisions in our governing documents could delay or prevent a change of control of our company; • The concentration of our capital stock ownership may limit your ability to influence corporate matters. Financial Risks • Our indebtedness, liabilities, and other contractual obligations could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to meet those obligations; • Provisions in our 2029 Convertible Notes Indenture, the 2028 Convertible Notes Indenture, and the 2030 Convertible Notes Indenture, the conversion of our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or Depositary Shares, or the payment of dividends on Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in shares of common stock, may dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders; • The capped call transactions entered into in connection with the issuance of the 2029 Convertible Notes and the 2030 Convertible Notes subject us to counterparty risk and may affect our common stock; • Our operating results may be adversely impacted by additional tax liabilities, higher than expected tax rates, changes in tax laws, and other factors; • We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, except for the 7.00% dividend on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Risks Related to our Global Operating Business and Industry Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and will likely fluctuate in the future, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline. We believe that our financial and operating results will continue to be subject to fluctuation due to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors that may affect quarterly operating results include: • Our ability to adjust spending due to the development cycle for some of our products and services; • Our ability to comply with our contractual obligations to customers; • Our extended payment term arrangements with certain customers, the inability of some customers to make required payments, our ability to obtain credit insurance for customers with extended payment terms, and customer bad debt ; SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 13 Table of Contents • Our vendors’ payment requirements; • Changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards; • Fluctuations in the timing and size of large customer orders and revenue recognition from such orders, and whether those orders are paid timely or require us to extend credit, which may expose us to collection risks even where we pursue mitigation strategies such as third party insurance with respect to credit issued and taking a security interest in goods we have sold to customers pending collection of any credit given; and • Revenue and margin variability due to potential volatility in emergent and rapidly evolving markets (such as AI), increased competition, challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment. Moreover, customers may hesitate to purchase, or not continue to purchase, our products due to ongoing reputational harm, negative publicity or other concerns related to our previously late filings of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 (together the “Delinquent Reports”). Any of these factors could prevent us from achieving our anticipated financial results. For example, we have granted and may continue to grant extended payment terms to some customers, particularly during macroeconomic downturns, which could impact our ability to collect payment. Our vendors have requested and may continue to ask for shorter payment terms, which may impact our cash flow generation. These arrangements reduce the cash we have available for general business operations. In addition, the pace of growth in our operating expenses and investments may lag our revenue growth, creating volatility or periods where profitability levels may not be sustainable. Failure to meet our expectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts is likely to cause our stock price to decline, as it has in the past, or substantial price volatility. If we fail to meet any publicly announced financial guidance or other expectations about our business, it could cause our stock to decline in value. We generally provide financial guidance when we announce our financial results for the prior quarter. No assurances can be given that we will continue to provide financial guidance, and if we do issue forward looking guidance, the uncertainties related to these items could cause us to revise such guidance. If issued, we undertake no obligation to update any guidance at any time. In the past, our financial results have failed from time to time to meet the guidance we provided. There are a number of reasons why we have at times failed to meet guidance in the past and might fail again in the future, including, but not limited to, the factors described in these Risk Factors. Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results. Our products experience rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, competitive products, and industry standards. Our success depends on our ability to: • Timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and technologies that meet the evolving needs of our markets, including addressing unexpected shifts in industry standards or disruptive technological innovations that could render our products incompatible with those developed by other companies; • Develop or acquire new products and technologies through investments in research and development; • Launch new offerings with new business models including software, services, and cloud solutions, as well as software, or infrastructure; • Expand the ecosystem for our products and technologies; • Meet evolving and prevailing customer and industry safety, security, reliability expectations, and compliance standards; • Manage product and software lifecycles to maintain customer and satisfaction; • Develop, acquire, maintain, and secure access to the internal and external infrastructure needed to scale our business, including sufficient energy for powering data centers using our products, acquisition integrations, customer support, e-commerce, IP licensing capabilities, and cloud service capacity; • Complete technical, financial, operational, compliance, sales and marketing investments for the above activities. We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. If we fail to develop or monetize new products and technologies, or if they do not become widely adopted, our financial results could be adversely affected. Obtaining design wins may involve a lengthy process and depends on our ability to anticipate and provide features and functionality that customers will demand. They also do not guarantee revenue. Failure to obtain a design win may prevent us from obtaining future design wins in subsequent generations. We cannot ensure that our products and technologies will provide value to our customers and partners. If we fail any of these key success criteria, our financial results may be harmed. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 14 Table of Contents Our sales are concentrated in a few large customers, and if we lose or experience a significant reduction in sales to any key customer, or any key customer experiences a significant decline in market share or, significant financial difficulties, our revenue may decrease substantially and our results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. We have become increasingly dependent upon larger sales to grow our business. In recent years, we have completed larger sales to leading internet data center and cloud customers, large enterprise customers and OEMs. We had one customer account for 10% or more of our net sales in fiscal year 2026, four customers account for 10% or more of our net sales in fiscal year 2025, and one customer account for 10% or more of net sales in fiscal year 2024. We anticipate we may continue to have customers account for 10% or more of net sales in the future, and any subsequent loss of such customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If customers buy our products in greater volumes and their business becomes a larger percentage of our net sales, we may grow increasingly dependent on those customers to maintain our growth. If our largest customers do not purchase our products, or we are unable to supply such customers with products, at the levels, in the timeframes or within the geographies that we expect, including as a result of a global economic downturn, excessive credit risk, or a desire by such customers to limit their dependency upon us as a supplier, our ability to maintain or grow our net sales will be adversely affected. Increased sales to larger customers may also cause fluctuations in the results of operations. Large orders are generally subject to intense competition and pricing pressure which can have an adverse impact on our margins and results of operations. Accordingly, a significant increase in revenue during the period in which we recognize the revenue from a large customer may be followed by a period during which the customer either does not purchase any products or only a small number of our products. Additionally, as we and our partners focus increasingly on selling to larger customers and attracting larger orders, we expect greater costs of sales. Our sales cycle may become longer, and more expensive, as larger customers typically spend more time negotiating contracts than smaller customers. Such larger orders may require greater commitments of working capital, which may require increased borrowings under our credit facilities to fund purchases of key components (such as CPUs, memory, drives ("SSDs") and GPUs) necessary for such orders, which could adversely affect our cash flow and expose us to the risk of holding excess and obsolete inventory, if there are delays or cancellations. Furthermore, larger customers also often seek greater levels of support in the implementation and use of our server solutions. An actual or perceived inability to meet customer support demands may adversely affect our relationship with such customers, which may affect the likelihood of future purchases of our products. Larger customers may also request larger amounts of credit or longer payment terms, which, if granted, increases our risks in the event customers do not pay or make timely payment, which risk is exacerbated in the event our payment terms with major suppliers of necessary components for such orders do not match the payment terms of our customers. As a result of the above factors, our results of operations may be subject to greater fluctuation and our stock price may be adversely affected. We may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, which in turn could impair the rate of our growth, and any financing that we do obtain may dilute our stockholders, restrict our growth, or contain other unfavorable terms. We had net income of $2,230.5 million, $1,048.9 million, and $1,152.7 million in fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. During fiscal year 2025, we issued $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2028 Convertible Notes in a private placement, and we issued $2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of our 2030 Convertible Notes in a private placement. During fiscal year 2026, we entered into a credit agreement with JP Morgan for a Revolving Credit Facility of $2,000.0 million. In addition, during fiscal year 2026, our Taiwan subsidiary, where we maintain significant operations, increased its lines of credit, or entered into new lines of credit, with various commercial banks in Taiwan, including also entering into a credit agreement with CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. (“CTBC”) which provides for two revolving credit facilities totaling $1,765.0 million . SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 15 Table of Contents We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and internally generated cash flows that we expect to generate will be sufficient to support our operating businesses and maturing debt and interest payments for the 12 months following the issuance of the financial statements included in this Annual Report. Nevertheless, we intend to continue to grow our business, which could require additional capital. We may need to further expand our credit facilities, enter into new credit facilities or engage in additional equity, debt or other type of financings to secure additional capital to continue or increase our rate of growth. If we raise additional capital through additional future issuances of equity or securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we may issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those holders of our common stock. Any credit facility or debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which could make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital and to pursue our growth strategies. If we are unable to secure additional funding on favorable terms, or at all, when we seek it, we may not be able to continue the rate of our growth. In addition, no assurances can be given that in the event that we secure such financing that the proceeds thereof will be used effectively or result in growth. Our cost structure, ability to deliver server solutions to customers, and ability to resolve warranty claims in a timely manner may be adversely affected by volatility of the market for core components and certain materials for our products. Prices of certain materials and core components utilized in the manufacture of our server and storage solutions, such as GPUs, server boards, chassis, CPUs, memory, hard drives and SSDs, represent a significant portion of our cost of sales. GPUs have represented an increasing portion of our cost of sales. While we have increased our purchases of certain critical materials and core components in response to the supply and demand uncertainties, we do not have supply contracts for all critical materials and core components, but instead often purchase these materials and components on a purchase order basis. Prices and availability of these core components and materials are volatile, and, as a result, it is difficult to predict expense levels and operating results. For a variety of reasons, including supply constraints of some key components and forecasts for the demand for our products, the purchase orders we place for such components and materials have resulted in a growth of inventory. No assurances can be given that we will be able to enter into necessary supply contracts for critical materials and core components, or, even if we are able to enter into such supply contracts, that they would be appropriate, or our costs, gross margins or inventory would improve. Because we often acquire materials and key components on an as needed basis, we may be limited in our ability to effectively and efficiently respond to customer orders and warranty claims, which in some cases require the provision of replacement solutions, because of the availability or the terms and pricing of these materials and key components, particularly for GPUs during periods of growth of new emerging markets (such as for AI). While we have experienced an increase in demand for certain of our products in the recent past, our industry has experienced materials shortages and delivery delays in the past, including as a result of increased demand during periods of growth of new emerging markets (such as for AI), challenges in the global supply chain as a result of conflict and pandemic, and global economic downturn. We may have experienced, or continue to experience, shortages or delays of critical materials or increased logistics costs to obtain necessary materials in a timely manner to meet the needs of our increasing demand. From time to time, we have been forced to delay the introduction of certain of our products or the fulfillment of customer orders as a result of shortages of materials and key components, which can adversely impact our revenue. If shortages, supply or demand imbalances or delays arise, the prices of these materials and key components may increase or the materials and key components may not be available at all. In the event of shortages, some of our larger competitors may have greater abilities to obtain materials and key components due to their larger purchasing power. We may not be able to secure enough key components or materials at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products to meet customer demand or timely resolve warranty claims, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, from time to time, we have accepted customer orders with various types of component pricing protection. Such arrangements have increased our exposure to component pricing fluctuations and have adversely affected our financial results in certain quarters. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 16 Table of Contents If we were to lose any of our current supply or contract manufacturing relationships, the process of identifying and qualifying a new supplier or contract manufacturer who meets our quality and delivery requirements, and who will appropriately safeguard our intellectual property, may require a significant investment of time and resources (if an alternative supplier is available at all), adversely affecting our ability to satisfy customer purchase orders and warranty claims and delaying our ability to rapidly introduce new products to market. Similarly, if any of our suppliers were to cancel, materially change contracts or commitments to us or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer demand for our products, whether due to shortages or other reasons, our reputation and relationships with customers could be damaged. In addition, changes in supplier credit terms may have impacts on our ability to acquire materials and key components needed to meet customer demand or required for growth. An inability to meet such customer demand may have adverse impacts on our growth or our ability to maintain or grow market share. We could also lose orders, be unable to develop or sell some products or on a timely basis, if at all, and have significantly decreased revenues, margins and earnings, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We face risks related to recessions, inflation, stagflation, and other macroeconomic conditions. Customer demand for our products may be impacted by weak macroeconomic conditions, inflation, stagflation, recessionary or environments, high or rising interest rates, equity market volatility or other negative economic factors in the U.S. or other nations. For example, under these conditions or expectation of such conditions, our customers may cancel orders, delay purchasing decisions or reduce their use of our services. In addition, these economic conditions have resulted in the past, and could result in the future, in higher inventory levels, and thus additional excess and obsolescence charges. Further, in the event of a recession or threat of a recession our manufacturing partners, suppliers, distributors, and other partners may suffer their own financial and economic challenges and as a result they may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment, or become insolvent, which could harm our ability to meet our customer demands or generate revenue or otherwise could harm our business. Similarly, disruptions in financial and/or credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our manufacturing partners, customers, suppliers and creditors and might cause us to not be able to continue to access preferred sources of liquidity when we would like, and our borrowing costs could increase. Thus, if general macroeconomic conditions, or conditions in the semiconductor industry, or conditions in our customer end markets deteriorate or experience a sustained period of weakness or slower growth, our business and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we are also subject to risk from inflation and increasing market prices of certain components, supplies, and commodity raw materials, which are incorporated into our end products or used by our manufacturing partners or suppliers to manufacture our end products. These components, supplies and commodities have from time to time become restricted, or general market factors and conditions have in the past and may in the future affect pricing of such components, supplies and commodities (such as inflation or supply chain constraints). Any failure, disruption or security breach or incident of or impacting our IT infrastructure or information management systems could have an adverse impact on our business and operations. Our business depends significantly on effective and efficient information management systems, and the reliability and security of our IT infrastructure are essential to the operation, health and expansion of our business. For example, the information gathered and processed by our information management systems assists us in managing our supply chain, financial reporting, monitoring customer accounts, and protecting our proprietary and confidential business information, plans, trade secrets, and intellectual property, among other things. In addition, these systems may contain personal data or other confidential or otherwise protected information about our employees, our customers’ employees, or other business partners. We must continue to expand and update this infrastructure in response to our changing requirements as well as evolving security standards and risks. In some cases, we may rely upon providers of hosting, support and other services to meet our IT requirements. Any failure to manage, expand and update our IT infrastructure, including our enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system and other applications, any failure in the extension implementation or operation of this infrastructure, or any failure by our hosting and support partners or other service providers in the performance of their services could materially harm our business. In addition, we have partnered with third parties to support our IT systems and to help design, build, test, implement and maintain our information management systems. SMCI | 2026 Form 10-K | 17 Table of Contents Like other companies, we are subject to ongoing attempts by malicious actors, including through hacking, malware, ransomware, attacks, social engineering, exploitation of devices, and other attacks, to obtain unauthorized access to, acquire or misuse confidential information, or to disrupt service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and information we process. Cybersecurity threats may also be enhanced, accelerated or 

[truncated]