Disclaimer* Impax Asset Management Group plc 21 May 2026 Investor Presentation of Interim Results via Investor Meet Company. IMPAX ASSET MANAGEMENT GROUP PLC is pleased to announce that Founder and CEO, Ian Simm will provide a live presentation on the Company's interim results for the six-month period ended 31 March 2026 via Investor Meet Company on Wednesday 27 May, 14:30 GMT. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 26 May, 09:00 GMT, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet IMPAX ASSET MANAGEMENT GROUP PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/impax-asset-management-group-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow IMPAX ASSET MANAGEMENT GROUP PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. For more information please contact: Investor Meet Company Lily Krushner +44 (0)20 3970 4892 Impax Asset Management Group plc Paul French, Head of Corporate Communications +44 (0)20 3912 3032 Notes to Editors - About Impax Asset Management Founded in 1998, Impax is a specialist asset manager, with approximately £22.3 billion of assets under management as of 31 March 2026 in both listed and private markets strategies, focused on the transition to a more sustainable global economy. Impax believes that capital markets will be shaped profoundly by global sustainability challenges, including climate change, pollution and essential investments in human capital, infrastructure and resource efficiency. These trends will drive growth for well-positioned companies and create risks for those unable or unwilling to adapt. The company seeks to invest in higher quality companies with strong business models that demonstrate sound management of risk. Impax offers a well-rounded suite of investment solutions spanning multiple asset classes seeking superior risk-adjusted returns over the medium to long term. www.impaxam.com Issued in the UK by Impax Asset Management Group plc, whose shares are quoted on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange. Impax Asset Management Group plc is registered in England & Wales, number 03262305. AUM relates to Impax Asset Management Limited, Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Limited, Impax Asset Management Ireland Limited and Impax Asset Management LLC. Impax Asset Management Limited and Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Limited are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Impax Asset Management Group plc. Please note that the information provided on www.impaxam.com and links from it should not be relied upon for investment purposes. Impax is trademark of Impax Asset Management Group Plc. Impax is a registered trademark in the UK, EU, US, Hong Kong, Canada, Japan and Australia. © Impax Asset Management LLC, Impax Asset Management Limited and/or Impax Asset Management (Ireland) Limited. All rights reserved. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Impax Asset Management Group (IPX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Xaar 24 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 34 minutes ago Investec 48 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and