Disclaimer* Impax Asset Management Group plc 12 November 2025 Impax Asset Management Group plc Notice of Results Impax Asset Management Group plc (the "Company") expects to announce its final results for the year ended 30 September 2025 on Wednesday 26 November 2025. There will be an online meeting for analysts on the day of the results at 8.30am. A copy of the presentation will be made available on the Company's website from 7.30am on 26 November 2025. LEI number: 213800AJDNW4S2B7E680 - Ends - Enquiries: Impax Asset Management Group plc Ian Simm, Chief Executive Paul French, Head of Corporate Communications p.french@impaxam.com +44 (0)20 3912 3000 +44 (0)20 3912 3032 Lansons, Communications Adviser Louise Marriott Tom Baldock impax@lansons.com +44 (0)20 7490 8828 Peel Hunt LLP, Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker Andrew Buchanan Dan Webster Thomas Philpott +44 (0)20 7418 8900 Berenberg, Joint Broker James Felix John Welch +44 (0)20 3207 7800 Dan Gee-Summons LEI number: 213800AJDNW4S2B7E680 Notes to Editors - About Impax Asset Management Founded in 1998, Impax is a specialist asset manager, with approximately £26.1 billion of assets under management as at 30 September 2025 in both listed and private markets strategies, investing in the transition to a more sustainable global economy. Impax believes that capital markets will be shaped profoundly by global sustainability challenges, including climate change, pollution and essential investments in human capital, infrastructure and resource efficiency. These trends will drive growth for well-positioned companies and create risks for those unable or unwilling to adapt. The company seeks to invest in higher quality companies with strong business models that demonstrate sound management of risk. Impax offers a well-rounded suite of investment solutions spanning multiple asset classes seeking superior risk-adjusted returns over the medium to long term. www.impaxam.com Issued in the UK by Impax Asset Management Group plc, whose shares are quoted on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange. Impax Asset Management Group plc is registered in England & Wales, number 03262305. AUM relates to Impax Asset Management Limited, Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Limited, Impax Asset Management Ireland Limited and Impax Asset Management LLC. Impax Asset Management Limited and Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Limited are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Impax Asset Management Group plc. Please note that the information provided on www.impaxam.com and links from it should not be relied upon for investment purposes. Impax is trademark of Impax Asset Management Group Plc. Impax is a registered trademark in the EU, US, Hong Kong, Canada, Japan and Australia. © Impax Asset Management LLC, Impax Asset Management Limited and/or Impax Asset Management (Ireland) Limited. All rights reserved. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Impax Asset Management Group (IPX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Xaar 25 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 35 minutes ago Investec 49 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and