Investing in ASX miners: The high-stakes game of African projects ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Gold / Investing in ASX miners: The high-stakes game of African projects Gold GOLD News | Gold Investing in ASX miners: The high-stakes game of African projects ASX-listed miners with projects in Africa are often cheap but vulnerable to massive setbacks. Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> 9 October 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 4 min read Share Print Article Source: iStock Mentioned EVN $22.9B Evolution Mining Ltd LLL $608.4M Leo Lithium Ltd NST $28.4B Northern Star Resources Ltd WAF $3.2B West African Resources Ltd KEY POINTS Africa-based miners trade at a discount to peers due to a myriad of sovereign, geopolitical and operational risks West African Resources is the latest name to experience significant share price volatility due to Burkina Faso's plans to revoke foreign mining permits Despite the risks, these miners offer strong growth potential and often outperform peers during commodity price rallies West African Resources ( ASX: WAF ) is the latest Africa-based name to experience a tumultuous week, with a 19.5% selloff on Monday followed by a 7.5% rebound on Tuesday. The volatility stemmed from reports that Burkina Faso planned to revoke mining permits from foreign companies. Burkina Faso's military leader Ibrahim Traore stated, "We know how to mine our gold, and I don't understand why we're letting multinationals do it. In fact, we're going to withdraw mining permits." WAF, which operates two projects in the region – the Sanbrado Gold Mine and the Kiaka Gold Project – clarified that the President's comments were "directed to those companies operating in violation of Burkina Faso's laws." The company assured investors that operations at Sanbrado and construction at Kiaka were progressing uninterrupted, reiterating its full-year guidance of 190-210,000 ounces of gold. Attractive Valuations Africa-based miners typically trade at substantial discounts compared to peers in tier-one jurisdictions like Australia and Canada. Let's compare West African Resources with gold peers Northern Star ( ASX: NST ) and Evolution Mining ( ASX: EVN ) using EV/EBITDA multiples from Macquarie (as at August 2024). Company 2024 2025e 2026e West African Resources 3.8x 3.5x 1.8x Northern Star 7.9x 6.1x 5.8x Evolution Mining 5.8x 5.9x 6.9x Source: Macquarie August 2024 To add some perspective, WAF's Kiaka Gold project, set to come online in 2025, is expected to double the company's gold production from approximately 209,000 ounces in 2024 to over 400,000 ounces by 2026. Justifiable Discounts The lower valuations reflect potential sovereign, geopolitical, and operating risks. Companies in these regions are vulnerable to sudden changes, such as military coups, government free-carry interests or increased mining taxes. Leo Lithium ( ASX: LLL ) exemplifies how quickly situations can deteriorate. Developing the world's fifth-largest spodumene deposit in Mali, the company faced a two-month trading suspension in July 2023. Upon resuming trading, its stock crashed 50% as the local government halted plans to ship its first ore. Mali also adopted a new mining code, increasing the government's stake in resource projects to 20%. Given the challenging circumstances, Leo Lithium has now opted to sell its remaining 40% stake in the project to its joint-venture partner Gangfeng for US$342 million. "After careful evaluation, the Board believes the Proposed Transaction provides Shareholders with certainty of value and the lowest risk profile of the options available," noted a recent company presentation. Recent Developments in Burkina Faso In early August, Burkina Faso introduced a new mining code, increasing the state's free-carried equity interest from 10% to 15% and proposing to reduce initial mining permit tenures from 20 to 10 years. While WAF assured investors that the new code would only apply to new projects and pending applications, the news still drove its shares down 10.8% on August 8, 2024. Potential for Outperformance Despite these concerns, WAF has consistently met production guidance and offers stronger growth prospects than many Australian peers. During commodity price rallies, these discounted stocks often outperform as market focus shifts from risks to earnings potential. Gold has been one of the best-performing commodities in the past year, up 40% to record levels. WAF has emerged as a top performer among large-cap gold stocks, with its twelve-month gain now at 106% (down from 160% due to recent concerns). West African Resources (green), Perseus Mining (red), Northern Star (orange) and Newmont (blue) chart | Source: TradingView This pattern of outperformance during sector rallies is not unique to WAF. Leo Lithium experienced a similar trajectory, rallying almost 170% between April and July 2023. This performance far outpaced peers like Pilbara Minerals and IGO. But those gains vapourised after its challenges with the Mali government. Leo Lithium (blue), Pilbara Minerals (red), IGO (orange) and Liontown (green) chart | Source: TradingView Overall, Africa-based miners offer significant upside potential. However, they are also perpetually vulnerable to sudden, often unpredictable setbacks. These stocks aren't an easy hold as a single headline can send share prices plummeting. As the saying goes, you have to "risk it for the biscuit." ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 26/07/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index