MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 19 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 32 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 32 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 32 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 32 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 33 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 33 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 34 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 34 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 34 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 34 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 34 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 35 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 38 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 39 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 41 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 42 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 43 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 44 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 45 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 46 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 47 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 81 SIGNATURES 82 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. GENERAL Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT) delivers actionable, objective business and technology insights that drive smarter decisions and stronger performance on an organization’s priorities. We are a trusted advisor and an objective resource for over 13,000 enterprises in approximately 90 countries and territories— across every major function, geography, industry and sector. Gartner delivers its products and services globally through three reportable segments – Business and Technology Insights, Conferences and Consulting, as described below. In the second quarter of 2025, we renamed our segment previously referred to as Research to Business and Technology Insights (or “Insights”) to reflect the nature of the value we provide to clients. In the third quarter of 2025, we changed the structure of our internal organization and concluded that Gartner Digital Markets (“Digital Markets”) was an operating segment but does not meet the criteria of a reportable segment. Accordingly, Digital Markets results are now included in “Other” where segment information is provided. Digital Markets was previously included in our Insights segment. Prior periods have been recast to conform to current period presentation. On February 5, 2026, we completed the sale of Digital Markets for approximately $110.0 million, prior to customary purchase price adjustments. Insights equips executives and their teams from every major function, geography, industry and sector with actionable, objective insights, guidance and tools. Our experts deliver proprietary insights that are informed by thoroughly vetted practitioner-sourced and research to help our clients address their priorities. Conferences provides executives and teams across an organization the opportunity to learn, share and network. From our Gartner Symposium/Xpo series, to conferences focused on specific business roles and topics, to sessions, our offerings enable attendees to experience the best of Gartner insights and guidance. Consulting serves senior executives leading strategic initiatives leveraging the power of Gartner’s actionable, objective insight. Through custom analysis and support we enable optimized technology investments and stronger performance on our clients’ priorities. The fiscal year of Gartner is the period from January 1 through December 31. All references to 2025, 2024 and 2023 herein refer to the fiscal year unless otherwise indicated. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms “Gartner,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Gartner, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. MARKET OVERVIEW Enterprise leaders face enormous pressure to stay ahead and grow profitably amidst constant change. Whether it is a digital transformation, cybersecurity risk mitigation, supply chain disruptions, regulatory changes, or other unique challenges, business leaders today are facing significant disruptive changes. We believe that enterprises cannot be operationally effective unless they incorporate the right strategy, management and technology decisions into every part of their business. This requirement affects all executives in every major function, enterprise size, geography, industry and market sector. Executives and their teams turn to Gartner for actionable, objective insights that drive smarter decisions and stronger performance on their priorities. OUR SOLUTION We believe our combination of , practitioner-sourced and research steers clients toward the right decisions and actions on the issues that matter most. Organizations are overrun with data and information. Gartner helps eliminate this information chaos and provides clarity with actionable, objective insights. We employ a diversified business model that utilizes and leverages the breadth and depth of our differentiated intellectual capital. The foundation of our business model is our ability to create and distribute our proprietary content as broadly as possible via published reports, interactive tools, facilitated peer networking, briefings and direct communications with executives and their teams; our conferences, including the Gartner Symposium/Xpo series; and consulting and advisory services. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 3 Our diversified business model provides multiple entry points and sources of value for our clients that lead to increased client spending on our insights, conferences and consulting services. A critical part of our strategy is to increase business volume and penetration with our most valuable clients, identifying relationships with the greatest sales potential and expanding those relationships by offering strategically relevant insights. We also seek to extend the Gartner brand name to develop new client relationships, augment our sales capacity and expand into new markets around the world. These initiatives have created additional revenue streams through more effective packaging, campaigning and of our products and services. In addition, we seek to increase our revenue and operating cash flow through more effective pricing of our products and services. Our principal products and services are delivered through our three business segments, as described below. • INSIGHTS. Gartner delivers independent, objective insights to leaders across an enterprise through subscription services that include access to published content, data and benchmarks, and direct access to a network of more than 2,400 business and technology experts located around the globe. Gartner insights are the fundamental building block for all Gartner products and services. We combine our proprietary research methodologies with extensive industry and academic relationships to create Gartner products and services that address each role across an enterprise. Within the Insights segment, Global Technology Sales (“GTS”) sells products and services to users and providers of technology, while Global Business Sales (“GBS”) sells products and services to all other functional leaders, such as human resources, supply chain, finance, and marketing. Our insights agenda is defined by clients’ needs, focusing on the critical issues, opportunities and challenges they face every day. We are in steady contact with over 13,000 distinct client enterprises worldwide. We publish tens of thousands of pages of original content annually, and our experts had more than 510,000 direct client interactions in 2025. Our size and scale enable us to commit vast resources toward broader and deeper research coverage and to deliver insights to our clients based on what they need and where they are. The ongoing interaction of our business and technology experts with our clients enables us to identify the most pertinent topics to them and develop relevant product and service enhancements to meet the evolving needs of users of our insights. Our proprietary content, presented in the form of reports, briefings, updates and related tools, is delivered directly to the client’s computer or mobile device via our website and/or portals. Clients normally sign subscription contracts that provide access to our content and advisory services for individual users over a defined period. We typically have a minimum contract period of twelve months for our insights subscription contracts and, at December 31, 2025, 77% of our contracts were . • CONFERENCES. Gartner conferences are designed for information technology ( “ IT”) and business executives as well as other decision makers looking to adapt and evolve their organizations through disruption and uncertainty, navigate risks and prioritize investments. Attendees experience sessions led by Gartner business and technology experts, and the sessions include technology solutions, peer exchange workshops, analyst and advisor meetings, consulting diagnostic workshops, keynotes and more. Our conferences also provide attendees with an opportunity to interact with IT and business executives from the world’s leading companies. In addition to summits and seminars, Gartner hosts the Gartner Symposium/Xpo series, including its unique, flagship IT Symposium/Xpo ® , which is held at several locations worldwide annually. During 2025, Gartner successfully held 53 conferences with more than 83,000 attendees, including 12 Symposiums/Xpos. In addition, during 2025 we hosted 100+ peer networking meetings and 380+ exclusive local C-level meetings with more than 200 . • CONSULTING. Through its experienced consultants, Gartner Consulting serves chief information officers and other senior executives who are driving strategic initiatives to optimize technology investments and drive business impact. Gartner Consulting combines the power of Gartner’s insights with custom analysis and support to help clients to turn insights and advice into action and impact. Consulting solutions capitalize on Gartner assets that are invaluable to IT , including: (1) our extensive insights, which ensure that our consulting analyses and advice are based on a deep understanding of the IT environment and the business of IT; (2) our market independence, which keeps our consultants focused on our clients’ success; and (3) our benchmarking capabilities, which provide relevant comparisons and best practices to assess and improve performance. Additionally, we provide actionable solutions for a range of priorities, including IT cost optimization, digital transformation and IT sourcing optimization. COMPETITION 4 We believe that the principal factors that differentiate us from our competitors are as follows: • Superior content - We believe that we create the broadest, and most relevant insights coverage across all major functional roles in an enterprise. Our independent operating model and research analysis generates unbiased insights that we believe are timely, , comprehensive and actionable, and that is known for its high quality, independence and objectivity. • Our leading brand name - We have provided critical, trusted insights under the Gartner name for more than 40 years. • Our global footprint and established customer base - We have a global presence with clients in approximately 90 countries and territories on six continents. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from sales outside of the United States. • Insights that create connections - Our global community of experts, analysts and peers help provide the deep relationships that help clients stay ahead of the curve. • Experienced management team - Our management team is comprised of insights veterans and experienced industry executives with long tenure at Gartner. • Substantial operating leverage in our business model - We can distribute our intellectual property and expertise across multiple platforms, including insights subscription and membership programs, conferences and consulting engagements, to derive incremental revenue and profitability. • Vast network of business and technology experts and consultants - As of December 31, 2025, we had more than 2,400 business and technology experts and 920 experienced consultants located around the world. Our experts are located in more than 30 countries and territories, enabling us to cover vast aspects of business and technology on a global basis. Notwithstanding these differentiating factors, we face competition from a significant number of independent providers of information products and services. We compete indirectly with consulting firms and other data and information providers, including electronic and print media companies. These indirect competitors could choose to compete directly with us in the future. In addition, we face competition from free sources of information that are available to our clients through the internet. We anticipate encountering more competition with increased adoption of AI services in the markets in which we compete. Limited barriers to entry exist in the markets in which we do business. As a result, new competitors may emerge and existing competitors may start to provide additional or complementary services. While we believe the breadth and depth of our proprietary insights positions us well versus our competition, increased competition could result in loss of market share, diminished value in our products and services, reduced pricing, and increased sales and marketing expenditures. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Our success has resulted in part from proprietary methodologies, software, reusable knowledge capital and other intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, confidentiality, and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. We have policies related to confidentiality, ownership, quote permission, and the use and protection of Gartner’s intellectual property. We also enter into agreements with our employees and third parties as appropriate that protect our intellectual property, and we enforce these agreements if necessary. We recognize the value of our intellectual property in the marketplace and vigorously identify, create and protect it. Additionally, we actively monitor and enforce contract compliance by our end users and we assert our rights in trademark and copyright law worldwide to protect our public content. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT We believe our people are our most valuable asset, enabling our sustained track record of success. We prioritize our people by hiring talent through a thoughtful recruitment process, cultivating strong performers with learning and professional development opportunities, and rewarding our talent with meaningful benefits and competitive compensation programs. At December 31, 2025, we had 20,244 employees globally, 9,994 of which were outside of the U.S., and the overwhelming majority of our employees were full time. Gartner employees work in 40 different countries and territories. Our human capital management strategies are developed by executive management and overseen by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. Gartner is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to any legally protected status. This commitment is formalized in our global and U.S. equal employment opportunity policies. We are 5 also committed to operating with the highest ethical standards and fostering an environment that encourages open discussions and ensures our associates and clients are treated fairly and with respect. Our vision is to build a organization with a culture of inclusion, enabling Gartner to guide the leaders who shape the world. Our eight Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are open to all associates and help foster an inclusive and supportive workplace. ERGs play an important role in enabling associate success, cultivating a culture of inclusion and creating a sense of belonging for all our associates by supporting development, recognizing life stages, inspiring associates through storytelling and driving engagement through a sense of belonging. In 2025, over 6,400 Gartner associates were members of at least one ERG. Total Rewards We seek to invest in meaningful, innovative and inclusive compensation and benefit programs that support physical, financial and emotional of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs (which vary by country/region) include annual bonuses, stock awards, an employee stock purchase plan, 401(k) matching, healthcare and insurance benefits, and tax savings programs, such as health and dependent care flexible spending accounts, health savings account and pretax commuter benefits. We also offer generous paid time off, paid parental leave, life and disability insurance, business travel accident insurance, charity matching, tuition assistance and amenities, such as fitness centers, among others. Additionally, we provide a number of free mental and behavioral health resources for employees and their dependents, globally. We believe our total rewards programs facilitate associate retention and also encourage high performance. Talent Development, Retention and Training Gartner aims to foster a culture of lifelong learning, getting feedback and evolving. In addition to helping employees unlock their full potential through mechanisms like continuous feedback and performance appraisals, we have dedicated programs designed to develop effective leaders. We also offer rotational programs and an online learning experience platform for employees called GartnerYou. In 2025, GartnerYou offered approximately 27,000 learning resources, with over 412,000 completions globally. Since our Sales and Business and Technology Insights teams make up approximately 45% of total employees worldwide, we also have formal, dedicated programs to help train and onboard new hires as well as more experienced managers and leaders within Sales and Business and Technology Insights. Through these programs, we believe our teams develop knowledge and skills, increase productivity and improve performance. We strive to develop an inclusive and engaging environment that makes Gartner a vibrant, exciting place to work. We believe the greatest catalyst to engagement comes from leadership — particularly their efforts to set direction, allocate resources, and build individual and organizational capability. Another avenue to enhance associate engagement is through hearing from them directly through surveys. We embed our associate survey efforts across the enterprise so that the insights we glean can help leaders at various levels understand the opportunities for effecting organizational growth. Survey results are used for a number of and initiatives targeting key areas of engagement and retention, such as leadership effectiveness, career development, business process improvement, and more. Our Communities and the Environment Our associates support communities through giving and volunteering. Gartner facilitates a charity match program. In 2025, close to 17% of associates supported approximately 3,900 causes through charitable donations or volunteering. In total, approximately $6.5 million was donated by Gartner and its associates and over 14,100 hours were volunteered. We continue to embed sustainability in our operations in alignment with our emission reduction targets and provide associates with learning opportunities, including a sustainability training module. Additionally, in 2025, over 1,000 associates were engaged in the Gartner Green Team, a voluntary, group that is open to all associates. The Green Team enables associates to connect, learn, and drive change towards greenhouse gas emissions. We encourage you to review our Corporate Responsibility Report located on our website at https://www.gartner.com/en/about/ for more information. Nothing on our website, including our Corporate Responsibility Report or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, or any other filing we make with the SEC. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS Our U.S. government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations by the U.S. Congress to fund the agencies contracting for our products and services. Additionally, our contracts at the state and local levels, as well as foreign government contracts, are subject to various governmental authorizations and funding approvals and mechanisms. Certain of these contracts may be terminated at any time by the government entity without cause or penalty. 6 AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our internet address is gartner.com and the Investor Relations section of our website is at investor.gartner.com . We make available free of charge, on or through the Investor Relations section of our website, printable copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We announce material information to the public about us, our products and services and other matters through a variety of means, including filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and the investor relations section of our website in order to achieve broad, distribution of information to the public and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Unless expressly noted, the information on our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K or any other filing we make with the SEC. Also available at investor.gartner.com , under the “Governance” link, are printable and current copies of our: (i) CEO and CFO Code of Ethics, which applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and other financial managers; (ii) Global Code of Conduct, which applies to all Gartner officers, directors and employees, wherever located; (iii) Principles and Practices of the Board of Directors of Gartner, Inc., the corporate governance principles that have been adopted by our Board; and (iv) charters for each of the Board’s standing committees: Audit, Compensation and Governance/Nominating. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under our Code of Ethics, or certain amendments to the Code of Ethics, on our website at investor.gartner.com , under the “Governance” link. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. In addition, we and our clients are affected by global economic conditions and trends. The following sections address significant factors, events and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. We urge you to consider carefully the factors described below and the risks that they present for our operations, as well as the risks addressed in other reports and materials that we file with the SEC and the other information, included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. When the factors, events and contingencies described below or elsewhere in this Form 10-K materialize, there could be a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and therefore have a potential negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we now deem immaterial may also harm us and negatively affect your investment. In addition to the effects of the global economic and geopolitical climate on our business and operations (including as a result of U.S. budget cuts, tariffs, trade barriers and restrictions) discussed in Item 7 of this Form 10-K and in the risk factors below, additional or unforeseen effects from the global economic and geopolitical climate may give rise to or amplify many of these risks discussed below. Risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) strategic and operational risks; (2) macroeconomic and industry risks; and (3) legal and regulatory risks. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. Strategic and Operational Risks We may not be able to maintain the quality of our existing products and services. We operate in a rapidly evolving market, and our success depends on our ability to deliver high quality and timely insights to our clients. Any failure to continue to provide credible and reliable information and insights that are useful to our clients could have a material adverse effect on future business and operating results. Further, if our published data, opinions or viewpoints are considered to be wrong, lack independence, or are not substantiated by appropriate research, our reputation will suffer and demand for our products and services may decline. In addition, we must continue to improve our methods for delivering our products and services in a manner via the internet and mobile applications in an inflationary economic environment. Failure to maintain state of the art electronic delivery capabilities could materially adversely affect our future business and operating results. We may not be able to enhance and develop our existing products and services or introduce the new products and services that are needed to remain competitive. The market for our products and services is characterized by rapidly changing needs for information and analysis. The development of new products is a complex and process. Nonetheless, to maintain our competitive position, we must continue to anticipate the needs of our clients, develop, enhance, protect, and improve our existing products, as well as new products and services to address those needs, deliver all products and services in a timely, and state of the art manner, and appropriately position and price new products and services relative to the marketplace and our costs of developing them. Any failure to achieve successful client acceptance of new products and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. Additionally, significant 7 delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position. Technology is rapidly evolving, and if we do not continue to develop new product and service offerings in response to these changes, our business could suffer. Disruptive technologies, including in areas of artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning, are rapidly changing the environment in which we, our clients, and our competitors operate and could affect the nature of how we generate revenue. We anticipate encountering more competition with increased adoption of AI services in the markets in which we compete. We will need to continue to respond to and anticipate these changes by enhancing our product and service offerings to maintain our competitive position. However, we may not be successful in responding to these forces and enhancing our product and service offerings on a timely basis or in a manner, and any enhancements we develop may not adequately address the changing needs of our clients. Our future success will depend upon our ability to develop and introduce in a timely manner new offerings, or enhancements to existing offerings, that address the changing needs of this constantly evolving marketplace. Failure to develop products that meet the needs of our clients in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position. In addition, some of our content is exposed to Internet search engines and large language models (“LLM”), which help generate website traffic. Search engines and LLMs often update their proprietary algorithms, which affects the placement of links to our websites. Some search engines and LLMs also provide substantive content in search results, including content, which, if expanded to the areas in which we operate, could reduce the need to enter our websites. When a major search engine or LLM changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects our placement in search results or makes it less likely for our target audience to enter our websites, our business, results of operations and financial position may be harmed. Similarly, some of our content is exposed to the datasets leveraged by AI chatbots, and these chatbots may provide substantive content, either with or without contribution, in query responses to users which could reduce the need to enter our websites. Uncertainty in the development, deployment, and use of AI in our platform and products and by our customers and competitors may result in harm to our business and reputation. We use, and may expand our use of, machine learning and AI technologies in some of our products, services, and processes. In August 2025, we launched AskGartner, our new tool that gives clients an improved user experience by providing faster, more efficient access to our insights, to licensed users globally. Developing, testing, and deploying AI systems has required, and will continue to require, additional investment and increased costs, including costs related to developing talent to implement AI technologies. Our competitors or other third parties may also incorporate AI into their offerings more effectively and/or quickly than we do, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business and financial results. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving AI technological developments, our competitive position and business results may be negatively impacted. Moreover, the development, adoption, and use of generative AI technologies are still in their early stages, and ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by Gartner or developers or vendors could result in unintended consequences. For example, AI technologies that we use may lead to unintended consequences and errors, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and expose us to liability. Third parties may also be able to use AI to create technology that could reduce demand for our products. Although generally contractually prohibited, clients or others may load our proprietary information into large language models, which could reduce the value of our offerings. In addition, the introduction of AI technologies, particularly generative AI, into new or existing offerings may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality, data privacy or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. Because AI systems are highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all the legal, regulatory, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to our use of AI. Our Insights business depends on renewals of subscription-based services and sales of new subscription-based services for a significant portion of our revenue, and our failure to renew at historical rates or generate new sales of such services will lead to a decrease in our revenues. A large portion of our success depends on our ability to generate renewals of our subscription-based insights products and services and new sales of such products and services, both to new clients and existing clients. These products and services constituted approximately 78% and 77% of total revenues from our operations for 2025 and 2024, respectively. Generating new sales of our subscription-based products and services, both to new and existing clients, is a challenging, costly, and often process. If we are unable to generate new sales, due to competition or other factors, our revenues will be adversely affected. Our Insights subscription contracts are typically for twelve months or longer. Our ability to maintain contract renewals is subject to numerous factors, including the following: • delivering and timely analysis and insight to our clients; 8 • understanding and anticipating market trends and the changing needs of our clients; and • providing products and services of the quality and timeliness necessary to withstand competition. Additionally, as we continue to adjust our products and service offerings to meet our clients’ continuing needs, we may shift the type and pricing of our products which may impact client renewal rates. While our Insights client retention rate was 85% and 84% for 2025 and 2024, respectively, there can be no guarantee that we will continue to maintain this rate of client renewals. The profitability and success of our conferences and other meetings are subject to external factors beyond our control. The market for desirable dates and locations for our activities has historically been highly competitive. If we cannot secure desirable dates and suitable venues for our conferences the profitability for these conferences will suffer, and our financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, because our conferences are scheduled in advance and held at specific locations, the success of these activities can be affected by circumstances outside of our control, such as the occurrence of or concerns related to communicable diseases (such as ), labor strikes, transportation shutdowns and travel restrictions, economic slowdowns, reductions in government spending, geopolitical crises, terrorist attacks, war, weather, natural disasters, and other occurrences impacting the global, regional, or national economies, the occurrence of any of which could negatively impact the success of the conference or meeting. Our insurance coverage for 2025 (and likely beyond) excludes coverage for cancellations due to communicable diseases. We also face the challenge of procuring venues that are sizeable enough at a reasonable cost to accommodate some of our major activities. Our Consulting business depends on engagements and our failure to secure new engagements could lead to a decrease in our revenues. Consulting segment revenues constituted approximately 9% of total revenues from our operations in both 2025 and 2024. Consulting engagements typically are and . In addition, revenue from our contract optimization business can fluctuate significantly from period to period and is not predictable. Our ability to replace consulting engagements is subject to numerous factors, including the following: • delivering consistent, consulting services to our clients; • tailoring our consulting services to the changing needs of our clients; and • our ability to match the skills and competencies of our consulting staff to the skills required for the fulfillment of existing or potential consulting engagements. A material decline in our ability to replace consulting engagements will have an adverse impact on our revenues and our financial condition. Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. Impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our financial results. Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. Impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our financial results. Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent approximately 38% of our total assets at December 31, 2025. We are required to amortize certain intangible assets over the useful life of the asset, while goodwill and intangible assets are not amortized. On at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets. During the year ended December 31, 2025, ongoing weakness in the market as well as changes in the Company’s internal organization structure prompted a revision to the earnings forecast for the Digital Markets business. During the year ended December 31, 2025, a goodwill impairment loss of $150.0 million was recognized in the Digital Markets reporting unit. We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel which could jeopardize the quality of our products and services and our future growth plans. Our success is based on attracting and retaining talented employees and we depend heavily upon the quality of our senior management, research analysts, consultants, sales and other key personnel. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. We face competition for qualified professionals from, among others, technology companies, market research firms, consulting firms, financial services companies and electronic and print media companies, some of which have significant financial resources and a willingness to deploy those resources to attract and compensate these professionals. Moreover, increasing wage inflation may affect our profit margin as we strive to provide compensation packages that are competitive. We face risks related to global and labor shortages, and competitive markets can increase attrition throughout our sector. Additionally, some of the personnel that we attempt to hire are subject to agreements that could impede our recruitment efforts. Our employee hiring and retention also depend on our brand and reputation as well as our ability to build and maintain an inclusive workplace culture that enables 9 our employees to thrive. We may also be limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws, and changes to policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent could inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development and other efforts. An inability to retain key personnel or to hire and train additional qualified personnel could materially adversely affect the quality of our products and services, as well as our future business and operating results. In addition, effective succession planning is important to our success, and failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. If we are unable to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position may be harmed. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, confidentiality, and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may obtain unauthorized access to our intellectual property, technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. Our intellectual property rights may not survive a legal challenge to their validity or provide significant protection for us. Additionally, the laws (including evolving and uncertain copyright law as it applies to the training, use, developments, and deployment of AI) and enforcement mechanisms to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use in new technologies like AI and machine learning may be inadequate. Further, the laws and enforcement mechanisms of certain countries, particularly in emerging markets, do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Conducting business in certain foreign jurisdictions may require accepting compromised protections or yielding of rights to technology, data or intellectual property in order to access those markets. Accordingly, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property against unauthorized or undesired copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position. From time to time third parties have asserted, and may continue to assert, intellectual property claims that our products infringe the rights of others. Such claims can be expensive and to defend, regardless of their merit. The inability to obtain rights to use intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms could also have an adverse impact on our business. We may face claims based on the theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets and other confidential business information. Any such incidents and claims could harm our business and reputation, cause us to incur significant expenses, and prevent us from selling certain products, all of which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, our employees are subject to restrictive covenant agreements (which include provisions related to employees’ ability to compete and solicit customers and employees) and assignment of invention agreements, to the extent permitted under applicable law. When the period expires relating to their particular restrictions, former employees may compete against us. If a former employee violates the provisions of the restrictive covenant agreement, we seek to enforce the restrictions but there is no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts, and enforceability of certain restrictive covenants may decrease significantly due to recent regulatory scrutiny in the U.S. If the laws change to provide greater rights to employees, that could further reduce the effectiveness and enforceability of our restrictive covenant agreements. Privacy concerns could damage our reputation and deter current and potential clients from using our products and services. Concerns relating to global data privacy have the potential to damage our reputation and deter current and prospective clients from using our products and services or attending our conferences. In the ordinary course of our business and in accordance with applicable laws, we collect personal information (i) from our employees, (ii) from the users of our products and services, including conference attendees, and (iii) from prospective clients. We collect only basic personal information from our clients and prospects. While we believe our overall data privacy procedures are adequate, the theft or loss of such data, or concerns about our practices, even if unfounded, with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of this personal information or other data protection related matters could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our operating results. Third parties may not adhere to the same standards for data quality, security and compliance, potentially leading to unintended data being used in AI models. Any system or process failure, or compromise of our security that results in the disclosure of our users’ personal data, could seriously limit the consumption of our products and services and the attendance at our conferences, as well as harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity. A significant portion of our business is conducted over the internet and we rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information relating to our business operations and confidential and sensitive information about our customers and employees in our computer systems and networks, and in those of our vendors. Actions by individuals, groups, and organizations pose threats to our operations, our computer systems, our employees, and our customers. The cybersecurity risks we face range from cyber attacks common to most industries, such as the development and deployment of malicious software to gain access to our networks and attempt to steal confidential information, launch distributed denial of service attacks, or attempt 10 other coordinated disruptions, to more advanced threats that target us because of our prominence in the global business and technology insights field. Like many multinational corporations, we, and some third parties upon which we rely, have experienced cyber attacks on our computer systems and networks in the past and may experience them in the future, likely with more frequency and sophistication, and involving a broader range of devices and modes of attack, all of which will increase the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. To date, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to our business, operations, products, services or customers. We have implemented various security controls designed to address our security obligations and to defend against constantly evolving security threats. Our security controls help to secure our information systems, including our computer systems, intranet, proprietary websites, email and other telecommunications and data networks, and we scrutinize the security of outsourced website and service providers prior to retaining their services. However, the security measures implemented by us or by our outside service providers may not be effective and our systems (and those of our outside service providers) are vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including unauthorized access or security breaches or incidents, cyber attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or other disruptive events. In some cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which could exacerbate the risk of a security incident and the effects on our business. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities described herein. Moreover, as a result of operating in a hybrid work environment, many of our employees are working virtually for a period of time, which magnifies the importance of the integrity of our remote access security measures. Cyber criminals use artificial intelligence tools to increase the effectiveness, speed and complexity of attacks, requiring increased vigilance and threat defense. Additionally, the security compliance landscape continues to evolve, requiring us to stay apprised of changes in cybersecurity privacy, and protection laws and regulations, and security requirements required by our clients, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”), the Chinese Cybersecurity, Data Security and Personal Information Protection laws (and other new and proposed data protection laws) and certain standards of the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”), and National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”). Recent security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber attacks, and may in the future result in heightened cybersecurity requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. A cyber attack, widespread internet failure or internet access limitations, or disruption of our critical information technology systems (or those of our service providers) through denial of service, viruses, or other events could cause delays in initiating or completing sales, impede delivery of our products and services to our clients, disrupt other critical or business processes or dislocate our critical internal functions. Additionally, any actual or perceived material security breaches or incidents or other catastrophes, or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems or those of our third parties, even if no breach, incident or catastrophe has been attempted or occurred, could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, fines, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard our customers’ information, or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. We may experience outages and disruptions of our online services and information systems if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. Our increasing user traffic and complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. We have invested substantial amounts and expect to continue investing (as necessary) in access to data centers and equipment and in moving more of our workload into cloud services, upgrading our technology and network infrastructure to handle increased traffic on our websites, and delivering our products and services through emerging channels, such as mobile applications. However, any inefficiencies, or operational failures or significant disruptions at our suppliers could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience, resulting in damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, potentially harming our financial condition and operating results. Consolidation of technology and service vendors could lead to few viable alternatives, potentially resulting in more widespread operational and/or disruptions when critical vendors or service providers experience disruptions. Our acquisitions, dispositions, and strategic investments, involve substantial risks. We have made and may continue to make acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses that offer complementary products and services or otherwise support our growth objectives. The risks involved in each acquisition or investment include the possibility of paying more than the 11 value we derive from the acquisition, dilution of the interests of our current stockholders should we issue stock in the acquisition, decreased working capital, increased indebtedness, the assumption of undisclosed liabilities and unknown and unforeseen risks, the ability to retain key personnel of the acquired company, the inability to complete the transaction due to regulatory review, the inability to integrate the business of the acquired company, increase revenue or fully realize anticipated synergies, the time to train the sales force to market and sell the products of the acquired business, the potential disruption of our ongoing business and the distraction of management from our day to day business. Additionally, we face competition in identifying acquisition targets and consummating acquisitions. Our dispositions involve additional risks and uncertainties, such as ability to sell such businesses on satisfactory price and terms and in a timely manner, or at all, disruption to other parts of the businesses and distraction of management, allocation of internal resources that would otherwise be devoted to completing strategic acquisitions, loss of key employees or customers, and exposure to unanticipated liabilities or ongoing obligations to support the businesses following such dispositions, and other adverse financial impacts. Finally, both acquisitions and divestitures are subject to continued regulatory scrutiny, which may impede our ability to consummate strategic transactions. The realization of any of these risks could adversely affect our business. We face risks related to leased office space. We lease all the properties used for our ongoing business operations. In several locations, we have consolidated our operations and sublet substantially all the excess space. Through our real estate consolidations and other related activities, we seek to secure quality subtenants with appropriate sublease terms. However, if we fail to secure quality subtenants, or subtenants default on their sublease obligations with us or otherwise terminate their subleases with us, we may experience a loss of planned sublease rental income, which could result in a material charge against our operating results. To accommodate our growth going forward, we have moved to a global hoteling model to better manage our footprint and reduce operating expenses, and will secure new space when the opportunities and needs arise. If the new spaces are not completed on schedule, or if the landlord defaults on its commitments and obligations pursuant to the new leases, we may incur additional expenses. In addition, unanticipated difficulties in initiating operations in a new space, including construction delays, natural disasters, IT system interruptions, or other infrastructure support problems, could result in a delay in moving into the new space, resulting in a potential loss of employee and operational productivity and a loss of revenue and/or additional expenses, which could also have an adverse, material impact on our operating results. Our sales to governments are subject to appropriations, complex compliance requirements and some may be terminated early. We derive significant revenues from insights and consulting contracts with the United States government and its respective agencies, numerous state and local governments and their respective agencies, and foreign governments and their agencies. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, approximately $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively, of our outstanding revenue contracts were attributable to government entities. Our U.S. government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations by the U.S. Congress to fund the agencies contracting for our services. Additionally, our contracts at the state and local levels, as well as foreign government contracts, are subject to various governmental authorizations and funding approvals and mechanisms. Certain of these contracts may be terminated at any time by the government entity without cause or penalty (“termination for convenience”). In addition, contracts with U.S. federal, state and local, and foreign governments and their respective agencies are subject to increasingly complex bidding procedures, compliance requirements, and efficiency considerations, as well as intense competition. Failure to adequately abide by these procedures and compliance requirements could result in an inability to contract with governments or their agencies, termination of existing contracts, penalties or fees with respect to existing contracts, or even suspension and debarment from doing future business with a government or agency, which would adversely impact our future business and operating results. Moreover, the demand for our products and services from U.S. government agencies is generally driven by the level of discretionary government program funding. In 2025, our revenues with U.S. federal government agencies declined approximately $58 million year over year, primarily due to reductions in discretionary spending. Further significant reduction in federal government spending, the absence of an agreement on the federal government budget, a partial or full federal government shutdown or a change in budgetary priorities could reduce demand for our products and services, cancel or delay federal projects, result in the closure of federal facilities and significant personnel reductions and have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As the current geopolitical environment remains unpredictable, we continue to monitor and evaluate the impact, both direct and indirect, of government actions that could adversely impact our business operations and financial performance. We may not be able to maintain the equity in our brand name. We believe that our “Gartner” brand, in particular our independence, is critical to our efforts to attract and retain clients and top talent, and that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition increases. We may also discover that our brand, though recognized, is not perceived to be relevant by new market segments we have targeted. We may expand our marketing activities to promote and strengthen the Gartner brand and may need to increase our marketing budget, hire additional marketing and public relations personnel, and expend 12 additional sums to protect our brand and otherwise increase expenditures to create and maintain client brand loyalty. If we fail to effectively promote, maintain, and protect the Gartner brand, or incur excessive expenses in doing so, our future business and operating results could be materially adversely impacted. Our outstanding debt obligations could negatively impact our financial condition and future operating results. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $800 million of Senior Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Notes”), $600 million of Senior Notes due 2029 (the “2029 Notes”), $800 million of Senior Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Notes”), $350 million of Senior Notes due 2031 (the “2031 Notes”) and $450 million of Senior Notes due 2035 (the “2035 Notes”), collectively the “Senior Notes”. The Company had no outstanding debt under its 2024 revolving credit facility (the “2024 Credit Agreement”). Additional information regarding our outstanding debt obligations is included in Note 6 — Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The debt service requirements of these borrowings could impair our future financial condition and operating results. In addition, the affirmative, negative and financial covenants of the 2024 Credit Agreement, as well as the covenants related to the Senior Notes, could limit our future financial flexibility. A failure to comply with these covenants could result in acceleration of all amounts outstanding, which could materially impact our financial condition unless accommodations could be negotiated with our lenders and noteholders. No assurance can be given that we would be successful in doing so, or that any accommodations that we were able to negotiate would be on terms as favorable as those currently in place. The outstanding debt may limit the amount of cash or additional credit available to us, which could restrain our ability to expand or enhance products and services, respond to competitive pressures or pursue future business opportunities requiring substantial investments of additional capital. We may require additional cash resources which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. We may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, implementation of our strategy and stock repurchase program, to repay indebtedness or to pursue future business opportunities requiring substantial investments of additional capital, including acquisitions. If our existing financial resources are insufficient to satisfy our requirements, we may seek additional borrowings or issue debt. Prevailing credit and debt market conditions may negatively affect debt availability and cost, and, as a result, financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. In addition, the incurrence of additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would further restrict our operations. Natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist acts, war, actions by governments, and other geopolitical activities could disrupt our operations. We operate in numerous U.S. and international locations, and we have offices in a number of major cities across the globe. The occurrence of, or concerns related to, a major weather event, earthquake, hurricane, flood, drought, volcanic activity, disease or pandemic, or other natural disaster could significantly disrupt our operations. In addition, acts of civil unrest, failure of critical infrastructure, terrorism, war and armed conflict, and abrupt political change, as well as responses by various governments and the international community to such acts, can have a negative effect on our business. Such events could cause delays in initiating or completing sales, impede delivery of our products and services to our clients, disrupt or shut down the internet or other critical and business processes, impede the travel of our personnel and clients, dislocate our critical internal functions and personnel, and in general harm our ability to conduct normal business operations, any of which can negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. Such events could also impact the timing and budget decisions of our clients, which could materially adversely affect our business. Macroeconomic and Industry Risks We are subject to risks from operating globally. We have clients in approximately 90 countries and territories and a substantial amount of our revenue is earned outside of the United States. Our operating results are subject to all of the risks typically inherent in international business activities, including general political and economic conditions in each country, challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations, changes in regulatory requirements, compliance with numerous and complex foreign laws and regulations, currency restrictions and fluctuations, the difficulty of enforcing client agreements, collecting accounts receivable and protecting intellectual property rights including against economic espionage in international jurisdictions. Further, we rely on local distributors or sales agents in some international locations. If any of these arrangements are terminated by our agent or us, we may not be able to replace the arrangement on beneficial terms or on a timely basis, or clients of the local distributor or sales agent may not want to continue to do business with us or our new agent. Additionally, changes in regulatory rules or policies, or changes in government enforcement priorities and resources, tariffs, trade barriers and restrictions, and other acts by governments to protect domestic markets or to retaliate against the trade tariffs and restrictions of other nations could negatively affect our business operations. Our operating results could be negatively impacted by global economic conditions. Our business is impacted by general economic conditions and trends in the United States and abroad, including without limitation inflation, slowing growth, rising 13 interest rates and recession. In its recent report, Global Economic Prospects, January 2026, the World Bank noted growth is projected to ease to 2.6%, driven by a notable slowdown in demand for traded goods and softening domestic demand in many major economies. The World Bank expects growth to pick up slightly to 2.7% in 2027, as domestic demand benefits from earlier monetary policy easing and trade improves amid declining uncertainty. The report notes that risks are tilted to the downside, observing growth could falter if trade tensions escalate, barriers rise further, or financial market sentiment deteriorates amid asset price declines, fiscal concerns, or inflation surprises. On the upside, firms’ adaptability to new trade conditions could support growth, and activity could broaden. A downturn in growth could negatively and materially affect future demand for our products and services in general, in certain geographic regions, in particular countries, or industry sectors, or could reduce demand for our conferences. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local government spending limits have reduced, and may continue to reduce, demand for our products and services from those governmental agencies as well as organizations that receive funding from those agencies and could negatively affect macroeconomic conditions in the United States, which could further reduce demand for our products and services. Such difficulties could negatively impact our ability to maintain or improve the various business measurements we utilize (which are defined in this Annual Report), such as contract value and consulting backlog growth, client retention, wallet retention, consulting utilization rates, and the number of attendees and exhibitors at our conferences and other meetings. Failure to achieve acceptable levels of these indicators or improve them will negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We face significant competition and our failure to compete successfully could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition and we face direct competition from a significant number of independent providers of information products and services, including information available on the internet free of charge. We also compete indirectly against consulting firms and other data and information providers, including electronic and print media companies, some of which have greater financial, information gathering and marketing resources than we do. These indirect competitors could also choose to compete directly with us in the future. In addition, low barriers to entry exist in the markets in which we do business. As a result, new competitors may emerge, and existing competitors may start to provide additional or complementary services. Additionally, technological advances may provide increased competition from a variety of sources. For example, disruptive technologies such as machine learning and other AI technologies may significantly alter the market for our offerings in unpredictable ways and reduce customer demand. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against current and future competitors and our failure to do so will result in loss of market share, diminished value in our products and services, reduced pricing and increased marketing expenditures. Furthermore, we will not be successful if we cannot compete effectively on quality of insights, timely delivery of information, customer service, the ability to offer products to meet changing market needs for information and analysis, or price. We are exposed to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates from our international operations. A significant portion of our revenues are typically derived from sales outside of the United States. Revenues earned outside the United States are typically transacted in local currencies, which may fluctuate significantly against the U.S. dollar as a result of various factors, including geopolitical and events such as war, trade disputes, tariffs, economic sanctions, and market volatility. While we use forward exchange contracts to a limited extent to seek to mitigate foreign currency risk, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. Our business could be negatively impacted by climate change . While we seek to mitigate the business risks associated with climate change for our operations, there are inherent risks wherever business is conducted. Access to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we conduct our business, whether for our offices, clients, vendors or other stakeholders is a priority. We have large offices in Connecticut, Florida, India, the United Kingdom, Spain and Australia, and other locations that are vulnerable to climate change effects. Additionally, green energy costs may increase our operational costs, and clients may be less likely to travel to our Conferences due to climate considerations. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments, and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our vendors, and the business clients, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. Sustainability commitments, regulatory requirements or failure to meet stakeholder expectations could harm our reputation . We have set environmental targets that have been approved by the Targets Initiative (SBTi). Our ability to achieve these goals is subject to numerous risks outside of our control. In addition, standards and processes for measuring and reporting carbon emissions and other sustainability metrics may change over time, and may result in inconsistent data, or could result in significant revisions to our strategies and targets, or our ability to achieve them. Our failure or perceived failure to achieve them or continue practices that meet evolving, and sometimes conflicting, stakeholder expectations could 14 harm our reputation, adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees or clients and expose us to increased scrutiny from investors and regulatory authorities. We are also subject to evolving sustainability regulatory requirements relating to environmental, social, and governance matters that are being developed and formalized in Europe, the U.S., and elsewhere, which may include specific, frameworks and disclosure requirements. We cannot determine what final regulations will be enacted, modified, or reversed or what their ultimate impact on our business will be. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in claims and lawsuits, regulatory actions, or damage to our reputation, each of which may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. At the same time, we may also face negative commercial or reputational impacts from consumers who do not support sustainability-related initiatives or concerns. Legal and Regulatory Risks Our failure to comply with complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial condition. Our business and operations may be conducted in countries where corruption has historically penetrated the economy. It is our policy to comply, and to require our local partners, distributors, agents, and those with whom we do business to comply, with all applicable and laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, regulations established by the Office of Foreign Assets Control and with applicable local laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. There can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents will comply with the Company’s policies that mandate compliance with these laws. Any determination or allegations, even if unfounded, that we have violated or are responsible for violations of these laws, even if inadvertent, could be costly and disrupt our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows, as well as on our reputation. In addition, continuously evolving data protection laws and regulations, such as the GDPR, CCPA and CPRA, LGPD, the Chinese Cybersecurity, Data Security and Personal Information laws and other new and proposed data protection laws, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges. We have implemented programs designed to address the GDPR, CCPA, CPRA and LGPD, as well as policies and processes to address the applicable Chinese data protection laws. More generally, we maintain and rely upon our comprehensive global data protection compliance program, which includes administrative, technical, and physical controls designed to safeguard our associates’ and clients’ personal data. The interpretation and application of these laws and regulations in the United States, the EU, China and elsewhere are often uncertain, inconsistent and ever changing. Our efforts to comply with these various laws and regulations could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. We face risks related to the regulation of AI and other evolving technologies. The use of AI tools has led to the introduction of new laws and regulations in some of the areas where we operate. These laws and regulations vary between jurisdictions and are subject to change and evolving interpretations. As we expand our products and services and develop our business models, we have faced, and may continue to face, shifting regulations. Our ability to adopt new technologies, including AI, to innovate for our customers, manage our business and to protect our intellectual property could be adversely impacted by the evolving regulatory environment. For instance, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act (“EU AI Act”) entered into force on August 1, 2024 and governs AI systems that impact individuals in the EU. Complying with the EU AI Act and similar emerging laws may impose significant costs on our business and may necessitate changes to certain business practices. We face risks related to litigation. We are, and in the future may be, subject to a variety of legal actions, such as employment, breach of contract, intellectual , and business torts, including claims of unfair trade practices and misappropriation of trade secrets. Given the nature of our business, we are also subject to defamation (including libel and slander), negligence, or other claims relating to the information we publish. Regardless of the merits of any claim and despite vigorous efforts to defend any such claim, claims can affect our reputation, and responding to any such claim could be time consuming, result in costly litigation and require us to enter into settlements, royalty and licensing agreements which may not be offered or available on reasonable terms. If a claim is made against us that we cannot defend or resolve on reasonable terms, our business, brand, and financial results could be materially adversely affected. We face risks related to taxation . We are a global company and a substantial amount of our earnings is generated outside of the United States and taxed at rates other than the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate. Our effective tax rate, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected by earnings being higher than anticipated in jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates and, conversely, lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and/or by changes in tax laws or accounting principles and their interpretation by relevant authorities. Corporate tax reform, efforts and tax transparency continue to be high priorities in many countries. The Organization for Economic and Development (“the OECD”) has issued various tax proposals that include a 15 approach to global taxation (“Pillar Two”), focusing on global profit allocation and a 15% global corporate minimum tax rate . S everal countries in which Gartner does business have proposed or enacted new laws to align with OECD Pillar Two proposals. The minimum tax is treated as a current cost beginning in 2024 and does not have a significant impact on the Company’s effective tax rate for the current period. Significant details around the provisions are still uncertain as the OECD and participating countries continue to work on defining the underlying rules and administrative procedures. Enactment of this and similar legislation could significantly increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business. These actual, potential, and other changes, both individually and collectively, could materially increase our effective tax rate and negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We will continue to monitor and reflect the impact of such legislative changes in future financial statements as appropriate. In addition, our tax filings for various years are subject to examination by domestic and international taxing authorities and, during the ordinary course of business, we are under audit by various tax authorities. Recent and future actions on the part of the OECD and various governments have increased scrutiny of our tax filings. Although we believe that our tax filings and related accruals are reasonable, the final resolution of tax audits may be materially different from what is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our corporate compliance program cannot guarantee that we are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. We operate in a number of countries, including emerging markets, and as a result we are required to comply with numerous, and in many cases, changing international and U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations, including regulations relating to the ongoing war. Accordingly, we have a corporate compliance program that includes the creation of appropriate policies defining employee behavior that mandate adherence to laws, employee training, annual affirmations, monitoring and enforcement. However, failure of any employee to comply with any of these laws, regulations or our policies, could result in a range of liabilities for the employee and for the Company, including, but not limited to, significant penalties and fines, sanctions and/or litigation, and the expenses associated with defending and resolving any of the foregoing, any of which could have a negative impact on our reputation and business. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY. We have implemented a layered cybersecurity program to assess, identify, and manage risks from cybersecurity threats to our information systems, networks, and data systems. Our cybersecurity program is generally aligned with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework. Information Security Team and Governance. The Audit Committee has the primary responsibility of assisting our Board of Directors in overseeing risks related to cybersecurity matters. The Board and the Audit Committee receive quarterly cybersecurity-related reports from our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), that address several topics, including cybersecurity strategy, the threat environment, the status of ongoing information security program initiatives, and information security program metrics. Additionally, we have documented protocols by which certain cybersecurity incidents that meet established reporting thresholds are escalated within the Company and, where appropriate, reported to the Board and/or the Audit Committee. At the management level, our CIO, who reports directly to the CEO, has over 20 years of experience serving in IT management, software development, and roles across a variety of industries, including publishing, media and entertainment, and financial and insurance services. Our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), who reports directly to the CIO, has extensive cybersecurity knowledge and skills gained from over 25 years of work experience serving in executive security roles and in a variety of industries such as telecommunications, enterprise service companies, and healthcare. Our CISO is responsible for understanding, managing, and communicating cybersecurity risk internally to our management, and works closely with our Legal & Compliance team to oversee compliance with legal, regulatory, and contractual security requirements. Our CISO heads the Information Security Team, which is responsible for implementing, monitoring, and maintaining cyberse

[truncated]