BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC has successfully raised £4,141,171.89 gross through a placing and retail offer, issuing 291,667,000 new ordinary shares at 1.2 pence each, along with 1 for 4 warrants exercisable at 2 pence. The placing generated £3,500,004 gross, while the retail offer, which was over-subscribed, raised £641,167.89 gross, with allocations carefully managed to balance shareholder participation and avoid excessive dilution. The shares were issued at a discount of approximately 20% to the previous day's closing bid price, and the accompanying warrants offer a 67% premium to the placing price. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 05 March 2026 POST TRANSACTION REPORT Name of Issuer Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC Transaction details Placing by ABB: 291,667,000 new Ordinary shares of nominal value 1 pence at 1.2 pence each with 1 for 4 warrants with exercise price of 2 pence and expiry 2 years after admission of the new shares to AIM. This represents approximately 30% of pre fundraising ISC and 22% of post fundraising ISC. Retail offer to existing shareholders only: 53,431,408 new Ordinary shares on same basis as the Placing with same warrants attaching. This represents approximately 6% of pre fundraising ISC and 4% of post fundraising ISC. Quantum of the proceeds Placing - £3,500,004 gross Retail offer - £641,167.89 gross Total gross proceeds £4,141,171.89 Discount Approximately 20% to the closing bid price of an ordinary share the day before announcement of the placing. The accompanying 1:4 warrants have an exercise price at a 67% premium to the placing price. Allocations The Board and management were directly involved in the allocation process, reviewing the subscriptions on a line-by-line basis with guidance from the Winterflood team. In doing so, we were mindful both of enabling participating shareholders to "stand their corner" as much as possible and also of the participating Nominees' and brokers' duty to treat their clients fairly and equitably. As such, the vast majority of subscribers were allocated on the same basis with a few exceptions, being: · Known market makers were removed · "true" retail platforms were given a larger percentage than discretionary wealth managers · A couple of subscribers whose applications were well out of proportion with their existing shareholding were scaled back in order to bring their allocation more in line with other shareholders in terms of percentage of existing shareholding. Consultation A number of shareholders of over 1%, who were willing to be brought inside and therefore comply with the MAR and AIM rules associated with being privy to market sensitive information, were consulted prior to the launch of the placing. In total such shareholders represented 21% of the company's ISC. Retail Investors The directors of the company considered the impact on existing retail investors at all stages of the fundraising. It was the belief of the Board that the full amount of funds needed, being over £3.5m could not be raised via a retail offer alone. It was further felt that attracting more institutional investment that would be likely to stay with the company over the medium term would also be beneficial. An ABB was used to ensure that the highest price possible was achieved. thereby minimising the dilutive effect to all existing shareholders. The retail offer, originally intended to raise £350,000, was multiple times over-subscribed. Whilst the directors wanted to include these subscribers to the fullest extent possible, it was decided to scale back these subscriptions to a little over £640,000. This decision was made on the basis that the company does not currently have an identified use for the full subscription amount, and in order not to further dilute those existing shareholders who did not or could not take part. The retail offer was scaled back in a similar proportion to that which the placing was. Management was directly involved in the allocation of the retail offer. Known market makers were removed; we sought to give priority to "true" retail investors and consistently applied scale back other than a few examples where the subscription was well out of proportion with current holdings. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and