BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc has been notified by North Yorkshire Council that its planning application for the Cloughton gas appraisal well has been refused, despite a recommendation for approval from the Council's planning officers and supporting reports from thirteen independent experts. The Company is disappointed with this decision, disagrees with its basis, and is currently assessing its options to appeal, expressing confidence that the planning permission will ultimately be granted. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 18 May 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 18 May 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") Cloughton Well - Planning Application Update Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company announces, further to its announcement of 27 April 2026, that it has been notified by North Yorkshire Council ("NYC") that the Local Planning Authority ("LPA") has now issued its decision to refuse planning permission for the Cloughton gas appraisal well. This refusal is despite the recommendation made by the NYC's own planning officers who, after rigorously analysing the planning application and the 13 independent experts whose separate reports all supported the application, advised the LPA to approve the application. The Company is disappointed with the LPA's decision and strongly disagrees with the basis of the refusal. Europa is now assessing its options with a view to appealing the decision and is confident that on appeal the planning permission will be approved. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and