BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc has applied to AIM for a block listing of 96,249,532 ordinary shares, expected to become effective on July 16, 2026, to facilitate the admission of shares arising from the exercise of outstanding warrants. These new shares will rank pari passu with the existing 1,316,139,215 ordinary shares currently in issue. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 09 July 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 9 July 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") Block Listing Application to AIM Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration and production company, today announces an application has been made to AIM for a block listing of 96,249,532 ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares"). This block listing application will be used to facilitate the admission to trading on AIM of ordinary shares arising from the exercise of outstanding warrants issued by the Company. The Ordinary Shares may be issued from time to time pursuant to the exercise of such warrants. New Ordinary Shares issued following the exercise of warrants and admitted to trading under the block admission will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Ordinary Shares. The block listing is expected to become effective on 16 July 2026. At the time of this announcement, Europa has 1,316,139,215 Ordinary Shares in issue. This figure may be used by shareholders in the Company as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change in their interest in, the share capital of the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland / Louise Armstrong Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Toby Gibbs / George Payne Shore Capital (Nominated Adviser and Broker) +44 (0) 20 7408 4090 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton / Safia Colebrook Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and