BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc has announced its Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held on June 29, 2026, at 11:00 a.m. at The Hellenic Centre in London. The company has sent out notices to shareholders who receive hard copies, and the Annual Report, covering the 17-month period ending December 31, 2025, will be presented for approval due to a change in accounting reference date. Shareholders are encouraged to vote by proxy by June 25, 2026, and can also participate virtually to hear management presentations and ask questions, though virtual attendance will not allow for voting. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 05 June 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 5 June 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") Notice of AGM Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM traded West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development, and production company, announces that it has today sent Notice of an Annual General Meeting (the "AGM") by mail to shareholders who have elected to receive a hard copy. Notice is given that the AGM will be held at The Hellenic Centre, 16-18 Paddington Street, London W1U 5AS at 11.00 a.m. (UK time) on Monday 29 June 2026. All shareholders are invited to participate in the poll. Copies of these documents are available from the Europa website at www.europaoil.com . Attention is drawn to the fact that due to the change in accounting reference date, the Annual Report proposed for shareholder approval at this meeting covers the 17-month period ending 31 December 2025. Shareholders are encouraged to vote in advance of the AGM with votes cast by poll/proxy card or letters of representation from nominee account holders. In order to vote by proxy, please use the Form of Proxy which has been posted to you or can be found on the website. Please use the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it and return it to the Company's registrar, Computershare Investor Services plc at The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road, Bristol, BS99 6ZY, as soon as possible and, in any event, so as to be received by no later than 11.00 a.m. on Thursday 25 June 2026. You are strongly advised to appoint the Chair of the meeting as your proxy to ensure that your vote is counted. VIRTUAL ATTENDANCE The AGM will be streamed online in order to allow those shareholders who are unable to attend to follow proceedings and hear the presentation by management at the same time as those in attendance. Whilst on this occasion members will not be able to vote by virtual attendance, there will be the opportunity to ask questions during the presentation segment of the meeting. We strongly encourage submission of questions ahead of the meeting. To register please visit: https://engageinvestor.com/event/6a102fce30643ce5431bdc91 * * ENDS * * For further information please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland / Louise Armstrong Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton (UK) LLP - Nominated Advisor +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 Shareholder Helpline Computershare +44 (0) 370 889 4072 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and