BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC has successfully raised £641,176.89 through its WRAP Retail Offer, which was oversubscribed and will result in the issuance of 53,431,408 new Ordinary Shares and up to 13,357,852 warrants at 1.2 pence per share. This offer, along with a separate placing that raised approximately £3.5 million, will lead to the admission of 345,098,408 new Ordinary Shares to trading on AIM around March 5, 2026, bringing the total voting rights to 1,316,139,215. A General Meeting is scheduled for March 3, 2026, to approve the WRAP Retail Offer shares. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 12 February 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN OR INTO OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND, CANADA, SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN, OR ANY MEMBER STATE OF THE EEA, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE, OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON TO WHOM, TO DO SO MIGHT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OR BREACH OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 WHICH FORMS PART OF THE LAWS OF ENGLAND AND WALES PURSUANT TO THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (" UK MAR "). UPON PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT THIS INSIDE INFORMATION IS NOW CONSIDERED TO BE WITHIN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. 12 February 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (holdings) PLC ("Europa" or the "Company") Result of increased WRAP Retail Offer, Amendment to General Meeting & Total Voting Rights Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, (AIM: EOG) the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, is pleased to confirm the result of the WRAP retail offer. The WRAP Retail offer, at a price of 1.2 pence per share, with accompanying 1 for 4 warrants, was only offered to existing shareholders of the Company yet was still multiple times oversubscribed, demonstrating strong support from Europa's retail shareholder base. As a result, in accordance with the terms of the WRAP Retail Offer, the Company has decided to increase the size of the WRAP Retail Offer to partially accommodate some of this excess demand. Despite this increase, applications still substantially exceeded the available allocation and, accordingly, were scaled back. In determining the amount of scale back, the Company sought to avoid overall dilution of existing shareholders who participated in the WRAP Retail Offer. The Company has raised aggregate gross proceeds of £641,176.89 pursuant to the WRAP Retail Offer. Accordingly, the Company will issue a total of 53,431,408 new Ordinary Shares at the Issue Price and up to 13,357,852 warrants pursuant to the WRAP Retail Offer. The issue of the WRAP Retail Offer Shares is conditional, inter alia, on shareholder approval at a General Meeting of the Company which will now take place on or around 3 March 2026 (the "General Meeting" ). An amended Shareholder Circular and Notice of General Meeting will be posted to shareholders, including an updated resolution to reflect the increased size of the WRAP Retail Offer. If the necessary resolution is not passed at the General Meeting, the WRAP Retail Offer Shares will not be issued, and the proceeds of the WRAP Retail Offer will not be available to the Company. In addition to the WRAP Retail Offer, as detailed in the announcement made by the Company on 10 February 2026, the Company has also conditionally raised approximately £3.5m via a placing of 291,667,000 new Ordinary Shares (the " Placing Shares " and together with the WRAP Retail Offer Shares, the " New Ordinary Shares "). For the avoidance of doubt, the WRAP Retail Offer is not part of the Placing. Completion of the WRAP Retail Offer is conditional, inter alia, upon the completion of the Placing but completion of the Placing is not conditional on the completion of the WRAP Retail Offer. Further Information Admission of New Ordinary Shares Application will be made for the 345,098,408 New Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Placing and the WRAP Retail Offer to be admitted to trading on the AIM market of London Stock Exchange plc (" Admission "). Assuming the necessary shareholder resolution is passed at the General Meeting, Admission is now expected to become effective on or around 8.00 a.m. (London time) on Thursday 5 March 2026. Total Voting Rights Following Admission of the New Ordinary Shares, the total number of ordinary shares in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") with voting rights is expected to be 1,316,139,215. This figure may be used by shareholders in order to determine the denominator that should be used as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or change to interest in, the share capital of the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules following the admission of all New Ordinary Shares. Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014 ('MAR') which has been incorporated into UK law by the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon publication via Regulatory Information Service ('RIS'), this information is now in the public domain. Terms used but not defined in this announcement have the same meaning as set out in the Company's announcement released at 15:00 on 10 February 2026. ** ENDS ** For Further Information William Holland / Louise Armstrong Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Sophia Bechev / Kaitlan Billings Winterflood Retail Access Platform WRAP@winterflood.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 203 100 0214 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 Further information on the Company can be found on its website at https://www.europaoil.com/ The Company's LEI is 213800JWTCW7TN3WRC06 This announcement should be read in its entirety. In particular, the information in the " Important Notices " section of the announcement should be read and understood. Important Notices The content of this announcement has been prepared by and is the sole responsibility of the Company. The release, publication or distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This announcement and the information contained herein is not for release, publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, in or into or from the United States (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia (the " United States " or " US ")), Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, the Republic of South Africa, any member state of the EEA or any other jurisdiction where to do so might constitute a violation of the relevant laws or regulations of such jurisdiction. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or issue or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for Ordinary Shares in any such jurisdiction. This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States of America. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States. WRAP is a proprietary technology platform owned and operated by Winterflood Securities Ltd (registered address at Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London EC4R 3GA; FRN 141455). Winterflood Securities Ltd (" Winterflood ") is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority, is acting exclusively for the Company and for no-one else and will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this announcement) as its client in relation to the WRAP Retail Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients, nor for providing advice in connection with the WRAP Retail Offer, Admission and the other arrangements referred to in this announcement. The value of Ordinary Shares and the income from them is not guaranteed and can fall as well as rise due to stock market movements. When you sell your investment, you may get back less than you originally invested. Figures refer to past performance and past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. Returns may increase or decrease as a result of currency fluctuations. Certain statements in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements which are based on the Company's expectations, intentions and projections regarding its future performance, anticipated events or trends and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements, which may use words such as "aim", "anticipate", "believe", "intend", "estimate", "expect" and words of similar meaning, include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause the actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and dividend policy and the development of the industries in which the Company's businesses operate to differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given those risks and uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this announcement and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. The Company and Winterflood expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect actual results or any change in the assumptions, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based unless required to do so by the Financial Conduct Authority, the London Stock Exchange or applicable law. The information in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. None of Winterflood or any of its affiliates, accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to this announcement, including the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Winterflood and its affiliates, accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Any indication in this announcement of the price at which the Ordinary Shares have been bought or sold in the past cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. Persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. No statement in this announcement is intended to be a profit forecast and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or target dividend per share of the Company for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or dividends per share of the Company. Neither the content of the Company's website (or any other website) nor the content of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the Company's website (or any other website) is incorporated into or forms part of this announcement. The WRAP Retail Offer Shares to be issued or sold pursuant to the WRAP Retail Offer will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange other than the London Stock Exchange. It is further noted that the WRAP Retail Offer was only open to investors in the United Kingdom who fall within Article 43 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (which includes an existing member of the Company). This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and