Director/PDMR Dealing Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 05 August 2025 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 5 August 2025 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") Director/PDMR Dealing Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted UK, West Africa and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, announces that Bo Kroll, Chairman and Non-Executive Director, has today purchased 4,800,000 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at an average price of 0.6500 pence per Ordinary Share. Following the purchase, Mr Kroll is beneficially interested in a total of 67,751,502 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 7.063% of the Company's issued share capital. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities a) Name BO PETER HOAGH KROLL 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chairman and Non Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name EUROPA OIL & GAS (HOLDINGS) PLC b) LEI 213800JWTCW7TN3WRC06 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES GB00B03CJS30 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.006500 4,800,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price - 4,800,000 Ordinary Shares - £0.006500 per Ordinary Share e) Date of the transaction 05/08/2025 f) Place of the transaction AIM (LSE) * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland / Louise Armstrong Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Finlay Thomson Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and