BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc has adjourned its General Meeting scheduled for February 27, 2026, and announced a new meeting for March 3, 2026, to approve an increased WRAP Retail Offer of approximately £641,177, up from £350,000, due to significant oversubscription and to mitigate dilution for existing shareholders. The company is also seeking approval for a conditional placing of approximately £3.5 million, along with the issuance of Fundraising Warrants and Broker Warrants. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 12 February 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 12 February 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ('Europa' or the 'Company') Notice of Adjournment sine die of the General Meeting called for 27 February 2026 & Notice of General Meeting to be held 3 March 2026 and Posting of Circular Notice is hereby given that the General Meeting of the Company scheduled for 11:00 a.m. on 27 February 2026 is adjourned sine die (indefinitely). Notice is given that a new General Meeting will be held at 11:00 a.m. (U.K. time) on 3 March 2026 at the offices of Tennyson Securities, Second Floor, 26 Caxton Street, London, SW1 0RJ. All shareholders are invited to participate in the poll. As notified earlier today, the Company was pleased to announce that the WRAP Retail Offer, only offered to existing shareholders of the Company (Shareholders), was still multiple times oversubscribed, demonstrating strong support from Europa's retail shareholder base. Europa greatly values the support of its retail shareholders and considers it important that existing Shareholders are given an opportunity to minimise dilution that could be the result of the Company's fundraising activities. Seeking to avoid overall dilution of existing shareholders who participated in the WRAP Retail Offer, the Company has decided to increase the size of the WRAP Retail Offer to partially accommodate the excess demand from existing Shareholders. Consequently, the resolution to be proposed at the new General Meeting reflects the increased number of Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the WRAP Retail Offer. A revised Shareholder Circular is now available on the Company's website at www.europaoil.com and will today be sent by mail to shareholders who have elected to receive a hard copy. The Shareholder Circular contains a Notice of General Meeting ("GM") at which the following authorities will be sought: · approval of the conditional Placing of approximately £3.5m; · approval of the WRAP Retail Offer of approximately £6 41,177 (previously £350,000); · approval of Fundraising Warrants to be issued; and · approval of Broker Warrants to be issued in consideration of the successful Placing. Shareholders are encouraged to vote in advance of the GM with votes cast by poll/proxy card or letters of representation from nominee account holders. In order to vote by proxy, please use the Form of Proxy which has been posted to you or can be found on the website. Please use the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it and return it to the Company's registrar, Computershare Investor Services PLC at The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road, Bristol, BS99 6ZY, as soon as possible and, in any event, so as to be received by no later than 11:00am on Friday 27 th February 2026. You are strongly advised to appoint the Chair of the meeting as your proxy to ensure that your vote is counted. ** ENDS ** For Further Information William Holland / Louise Armstrong Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 203 100 0214 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and