BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc has received a decision from the North Yorkshire Council planning committee to not approve its Cloughton well proposal, despite a positive recommendation from the council's planning department. A final decision is pending the Secretary of State's review regarding an environmental screening assessment, even though Europa voluntarily submitted one. The company is disappointed but intends to appeal the decision, expressing confidence in a successful outcome based on past experience with the Wressle development, which ultimately gained community support. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 27 April 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 27 April 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") North Yorkshire Council Planning Committee Decision regarding the Cloughton Well Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, notes the decision of the North Yorkshire Council ("NYC") planning committee at its meeting on 24 th April that it is minded not to approve the Company's plan for a well in Burniston on its Cloughton prospect, despite the positive recommendation from the Council's planning department that the operation should proceed. A final recommendation is pending a decision by the Secretary of State over the need for an environmental screening assessment to be carried out relating to the proposal, despite the Company having already opted to voluntarily complete and submit an environmental screening assessment as part of the planning application. The Company is disappointed with the committee's decision, which directly contradicts the NYC planning officers' endorsement of its plans for the well after an exhaustive review process, and Europa intends to appeal the decision once the final recommendation has been delivered. The Company is confident that on appeal the planning permission will be approved. Following implementation of the Wressle development, which was approved on appeal, the initial local opposition and concern has disappeared and the local community is now highly supportive. This clearly demonstrates how a well-run operation can be conducted without negatively impacting local amenity and how the community can realise a material benefit. William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "Our planning application for the well at Burniston was underpinned by 13 expert reports and exhaustive preparatory work. It was also recommended by the council's own planning department. We shall appeal the decision and remain of the view that the well can be safely and efficiently delivered and is in the best interests both of the local community and the country." * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Stutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and