Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 01 September 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 1 September 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") Update on EG-08 Farm-out Agreement Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, provides an update regarding the binding Farm-out Agreement ("FOA") signed by its associated company, Antler Global Limited ("Antler") and Fuhai (Beijing) Energy Limited ("Fuhai"), a wholly owned subsidiary company of the privately owned Fuhai Group New Energy Holding Co., Ltd ("Fuhai Holding") to farm-out a 40% interest in the EG-08 production sharing contract ("PSC") in offshore Equatorial Guinea. Further to the announcement regarding the FOA to Fuhai on 31 st July 2026, the Company reports that the Longstop Date for completion of the transaction has, by mutual agreement, been extended to 30 September 2026. The FOA has received approval from the Ministry for Mining and Hydrocarbons Department of Equatorial Guinea ("MMHD"), as announced on 29 May 2026, and remains subject to Outbound Direct Investment ("ODI") approval from the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission ("MDRC"). Europa understands that the various Chinese government approvers remain satisfied with the Fuhai ODI application and that Fuhai expects to receive this approval in the coming weeks, but further data requests from MDRC have again delayed the approval. The new Chinese regulations on outbound investment that came into force on 1 st July 2026 have impacted the speed of the approvals and ODI applications are taking longer than expected. However, the MDRC have indicated that the Fuhai application continues to be processed and is expected to be approved shortly. Europa has a 42.9% equity interest in Antler which, on completion of the FOA, will hold a 40% working interest in the EG-08 PSC, and remain as operator, with 40% held by Fuhai and the remaining 20% held by GEPetrol (Guinea Equatorial de Petróleos), the national oil company of Equatorial Guinea, representing the State's interest. Despite the delay in ODI approval the Company still expects to drill the Barracuda-1 well at the earliest opportunity, which is expected to be during early 2027. William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "Although the ODI approval is taking longer than expected I am confident that Fuhai will secure this in the coming weeks. Once we have the ODI approval completion of the FOA still remains subject to the formalities of including Fuhai on the EG08 Production Sharing Agreement and EG08 Joint Operating Agreement, so extending the long stop date to the end of September is required to execute these final documents." Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the retained EU law version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the "UK MAR") which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The information is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of the UK MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Toby Gibbs / George Payne Shore Capital (Nominated Adviser and Broker) +44 (0) 20 7408 4090 Patrick d'Ancona / George Pope / Safia Colebrook Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 55 minutes ago DSW Capital 1 hour ago Secure Trust Bank 1 hour ago Barclays 1 hour ago CVS Group 1 hour ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and