BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc has announced its total voting rights as of March 31, 2026. The company currently has 1,316,139,215 Ordinary Shares in issue, with no shares held in treasury. This figure of 1,316,139,215 represents the total number of voting rights available to shareholders for determining notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 31 March 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 31 March 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") Total Voting Rights Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted UK, West Africa and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, announces in compliance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules that, as at the date of this announcement, it has 1,316,139,215 Ordinary Shares in issue. The Company holds no Ordinary Shares in treasury. The total number of voting rights in the Company is therefore 1,316,139,215. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change in their interest in, the Group under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland / Louise Armstrong Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and