BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc announced an update on its EG-08 Farm-out Agreement, extending the Longstop Date to 31 July 2026 for the deal with Fuhai (Beijing) Energy Limited to farm-out a 40% interest in the EG-08 production sharing contract in offshore Equatorial Guinea. The transaction has received approval from the Ministry for Mining and Hydrocarbons Department of Equatorial Guinea and awaits Overseas Direct Investment approval from the Shandong Provincial government, which is expected in the coming weeks. Upon completion, Europa's associated company, Antler Global Limited, will hold a 40% working interest in the EG-08 PSC, with Fuhai holding 40% and GEPetrol holding 20%. The company anticipates drilling the Barracuda-1 well in early 2027. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 22 June 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 22 June 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") Update on EG-08 Farm-out Agreement Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, provides an update regarding the binding Farm-out Agreement ("FOA") signed by its associated company, Antler Global Limited ("Antler") and Fuhai (Beijing) Energy Limited ("Fuhai"), a wholly owned subsidiary company of the privately owned Fuhai Group New Energy Holding Co., Ltd ("Fuhai Holding") to farm-out a 40% interest in the EG-08 production sharing contract ("PSC") in offshore Equatorial Guinea. Further to the announcement of the FOA to Fuhai on 30 December 2025, the Company reports that the Longstop Date for completion of the transaction has by mutual agreement been extended to 31 July 2026. The deal has received approval from the Ministry for Mining and Hydrocarbons Department of Equatorial Guinea ("MMHD"), as announced on 29 May 2026, and remains subject to Overseas Direct Investment ("ODI") approval from the Shandong Provincial government. Europa understands that the various government approvers are now satisfied with the ODI application and expects to receive this approval in the coming weeks. Following receipt of ODI approval, Fuhai will be added to the PSC and joint operating agreement, completing the farm-out process. Europa has a 42.9% equity interest in Antler which, on completion of the FOA, will hold a 40% working interest in the EG-08 PSC, and remain as operator, with 40% held by Fuhai and the remaining 20% held by GEPetrol (Guinea Equatorial de Petróleos), the national oil company of Equatorial Guinea, representing the State's interest. The Company expects to drill the Barracuda-1 well at the earliest opportunity, which is expected to be during early 2027. William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "The extension of the Longstop Date reflects the practical timing required to finalise the remaining approval and complete the legal procedures of the farm-out to Fuhai. Having secured MMHD approval in May, we remain confident that we will receive ODI approval in the coming weeks and continue to make good progress with our preparations for drilling." Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the retained EU law version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the "UK MAR") which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The information is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of the UK MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton / Safia Colebrook Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and