EG-08 Farm-out update Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 04 August 2025 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 4 August 2025 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") EG-08 Farm-out update Commercial negotiations advance with signing of Head of Terms Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, is pleased to announce that its associated company, Antler Global Limited ("Antler"), has entered into detailed commercial discussions and has signed a non-binding Heads of Terms with a major energy company to farm-out an interest in the EG-08 production sharing contract ("PSC") in offshore Equatorial Guinea. Europa has a 42.9% equity interest in Antler which in turn holds an 80% working interest in the EG-08 PSC, with the remaining 20% held by GEPetrol (Guinea Equatorial de Petróleos), the national oil company of Equatorial Guinea, representing the State's interest. There is no guarantee that these commercial discussions will lead to a legally binding agreement(s) relating to the farm-out and any agreement(s) would be subject to approval from the Minister for Energy of Equatorial Guinea. Europa will provide further updates on the progress of the commercial discussions in due course. As announced on the 22 July 2024, the EG-08 block contains 2.116 TCF (Pmean), with the primary prospect being Barracuda which is estimated to be 798 BCF (Pmean). William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "The signing of these heads of terms is a very positive step forward and comes after an extensive period of negotiations with what we believe is an excellent partner. Although there are no guarantees, I am confident that we will progress to signing a farm out agreement in the coming months and will then move to drilling the Barracuda well as soon as possible thereafter. I look forward to updating the market of our progress in due course." Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the retained EU law version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the "UK MAR") which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The information is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of the UK MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Finlay Thomson / Kendall Hill / Anna Stacey Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Keller Group 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Ultimate Products 1 hour ago Trekor Metals Limited 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and