BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas has received a 12-month extension from Equatorial Guinea's Minister of Hydrocarbons and Mining Development for the initial two-year period of the EG-08 production sharing contract (PSC). This extension means the first sub-period of Phase 1 of the PSC will now expire on 4 October 2026. Europa holds a 42.9% equity interest in Antler Global Limited, which possesses an 80% working interest in the EG-08 PSC. The EG-08 block is estimated to contain 2.196 TCF (Pmean), with the Barracuda prospect estimated at 878 BCF (Pmean). The company aims to finalize the farm out process for EG-08 and is working on engineering plans to potentially drill the Barracuda prospect in 2026. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 06 October 2025 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 6 October 2025 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") EG-08 PSC Phase 1 Extension Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, is pleased to announce that, in accordance with the exploration periods and their extensions set out in Article 2 of the EG-08 production sharing contract ("PSC"), as well as with the PSC amendments recognised in Articles 29.1 and 9 of the Hydrocarbons Law the Minister of Hydrocarbons and Mining Development for Equatorial Guinea ("EG") has granted a 12-month extension to the initial 2-year period of the PSC. Europa has a 42.9% equity interest in Antler Global Limited ("Antler"), which holds an 80% working interest in the EG-08 PSC, with the remaining 20% held by GEPetrol (Guinea Equatorial de Petróleos), the national oil and gas company of Equatorial Guinea, representing the State's interest. The formalities to finalise the extension are ongoing and are expected to be completed in the coming days. As a result of the extension, the first sub-period of Phase 1 of the PSC will expire on 4 October 2026. As announced on 15 September 2025, the EG-08 block contains 2.196 TCF (Pmean), with the primary prospect being Barracuda which is estimated to be 878 BCF (Pmean). William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "I am pleased to have secured the Ministers approval for this extension which will provide plenty of time to finalise the farm out process for EG-08, where we continue to make good progress. Concurrently, the technical team are working on detailed engineering plans for drilling the Barracuda prospect, which we hope to spud in 2026." Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the retained EU law version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the "UK MAR") which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The information is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of the UK MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Stacey Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Keller Group 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Ultimate Products 1 hour ago Trekor Metals Limited 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and