BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc announced an update on its EG-08 Farm-out Agreement, extending the Longstop Date to August 31, 2026, by mutual agreement. The deal, which involves farming out a 40% interest in the EG-08 production sharing contract in Equatorial Guinea to Fuhai (Beijing) Energy Limited, has received Ministry approval but awaits Outbound Direct Investment approval from China, which is taking longer due to new regulations. Europa holds a 42.9% interest in Antler Global Limited, which will retain operator status with a 40% working interest post-completion. The company remains on track to drill the Barracuda-1 well in early 2027. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 31 July 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 31 July 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") Update on EG-08 Farm-out Agreement Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, provides an update regarding the binding Farm-out Agreement ("FOA") signed by its associated company, Antler Global Limited ("Antler") and Fuhai (Beijing) Energy Limited ("Fuhai"), a wholly owned subsidiary company of the privately owned Fuhai Group New Energy Holding Co., Ltd ("Fuhai Holding") to farm-out a 40% interest in the EG-08 production sharing contract ("PSC") in offshore Equatorial Guinea. Further to the announcement regarding the FOA to Fuhai on 22 nd June 2026, the Company reports that the Longstop Date for completion of the transaction has, by mutual agreement, been extended to 31 August 2026. The deal has received approval from the Ministry for Mining and Hydrocarbons Department of Equatorial Guinea ("MMHD"), as announced on 29 May 2026, and remains subject to Outbound Direct Investment ("ODI") approval from the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission. Europa understands that the various government approvers remain satisfied with the ODI application and expects to receive this approval in the coming weeks. This approval is taking longer than expected but it is noted that on 1 st July 2026 new Chinese regulations on outbound investment came into effect. These regulations are intended to support overseas expansion, particularly investments aligned with the Belt and Road Initiative (such as Equatorial Guinea), while giving Chinese authorities stronger powers to scrutinise transactions. As such applications now generally have longer approval timelines but are expected to improve going forward. Europa has a 42.9% equity interest in Antler which, on completion of the FOA, will hold a 40% working interest in the EG-08 PSC, and remain as operator, with 40% held by Fuhai and the remaining 20% held by GEPetrol (Guinea Equatorial de Petróleos), the national oil company of Equatorial Guinea, representing the State's interest. The Company expects to drill the Barracuda-1 well at the earliest opportunity, which is expected to be during early 2027. William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "Although these new regulations mean that timelines remain subject to a degree of uncertainty, I remain confident that we will receive ODI approval in the coming weeks and that the further extension of the Longstop Date reflects the practical timing required to finalise the remaining approval and complete the legal procedures of the farm-out to Fuhai. Despite this delay we continue to make good progress with our preparations for drilling which remains on track for an early 2027 spud date." Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the retained EU law version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the "UK MAR") which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The information is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of the UK MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Toby Gibbs / George Payne Shore Capital (Nominated Adviser and Broker) +44 (0) 20 7408 4090 Patrick d'Ancona / Safia Colebrook Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and