BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc announced that its associated company, Antler Global Limited, has received Ministry for Mining and Hydrocarbons Department approval for a farm-out agreement with Fuhai concerning the EG-08 PSC. Europa holds a 42.9% interest in Antler, which will retain operator status and a 40% working interest in the block post-completion, with Fuhai holding 40% and GEPetrol 20%. The deal is still subject to Overseas Direct Investment approval from the Shandong Provincial government. The Barracuda-1 well is anticipated to be drilled in early 2027. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 29 May 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 29 May 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") MMHD Approval of Farm-out to Fuhai Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, is pleased to announce that its associated company, Antler Global Limited ("Antler"), has received approval from the Ministry for Mining and Hydrocarbons Department of Equatorial Guinea ("MMHD") required to complete the Farm-out Agreement ("FOA") with Fuhai, as detailed in the announcement dated 30 December 2026. The deal remains subject to Overseas Direct Investment ("ODI") approval from the Shandong Provincial government. Europa has a 42.9% equity interest in Antler which, on completion of the FOA, will hold a 40% working interest in the EG-08 PSC, and remain as operator, with 40% held by Fuhai and the remaining 20% held by GEPetrol (Guinea Equatorial de Petróleos), the national oil company of Equatorial Guinea, representing the State's interest. The Company expects to drill the Barracuda-1 well at the earliest opportunity, which is expected to be during early 2027. William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "I am pleased to have received approval from the Ministry and I would like to thank the team at MMHD for their ongoing support as we progress this project to drilling. Alongside our partners at Fuhai, we have been working hard to assemble the drilling team needed to spud the Barracuda-1 well at the earliest opportunity. Once we have received ODI approval, we will then be able to secure a rig. I look forward to updating the market of our progress in due course." Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the retained EU law version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the "UK MAR") which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The information is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of the UK MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton / Safia Colebrook Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and