BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc has received approval from the Irish Government to extend Phase 1 of the FEL 4/19 licence to January 31, 2028. This extension will allow the company to conduct further technical studies and secure a partner for the development of the Inishkea West gas prospect, which holds an estimated 1.5 trillion cubic feet of gas. The company views this prospect as a strategic asset that could provide a reliable, low-emission energy source for Ireland and reduce reliance on imported gas, given its proximity to existing infrastructure. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 27 March 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 27 March 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") FEL 4/19 Licence Extension Approval Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted UK, Ireland and West Africa focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, is pleased to announce, further to its announcement of 30 January 2026, that it has received notification from the Irish Government's Department of Climate, Energy and the Environment that the Minister has given his consent to extend the Phase 1 of FEL 4/19 to 31 January 2028. The Company intends to use the extension to carry out further technical studies and allow more time to secure a partner to advance development of the licence. William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "I am delighted that our application has been granted and that we can continue with further technical studies of the licence and seeking a project partner. FEL 4/19 contains the large 1.5 TCF, low risk Inishkea West gas prospect which is a strategic asset that can potentially provide a reliable source of low emission energy for Ireland and play a key role in the transition to renewable green power. Given the proximity to existing infrastructure, a discovery at Inishkea West could be brought online quickly and would reduce Ireland's reliance on imported gas. Domestic gas from Inishkea West would have significantly lower carbon emissions than imported gas from the UK, Norway or further afield. We look forward to working constructively with DECC as we seek to progress FEL 4/19 to drilling, and to attract additional partners to this prospective licence." This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended. * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and