BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas has secured a two-year extension for the PEDL343 licence, pushing the first phase expiry to March 21, 2028, and the second phase to July 21, 2030, allowing for the acquisition of 17km² of 3D seismic and drilling an appraisal well to 6,500 ft TVDSS on its 137bcf Cloughton discovery. This extension is crucial for bringing the onshore gas field, located near the National Transmission System, online, which is projected to displace imported LNG, create local jobs, supply gas to nearly half of North Yorkshire homes, and generate over £50 million in taxes. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 16 January 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 16 January 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") PEDL343 (Cloughton) Extension Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, is pleased to announce that the Oil and Gas Authority (now officially referred to as the North Sea Transition Authority, (the "NSTA")) has granted a 2-year extension to the first phase of the PEDL343 licence which holds the Company's 137bcf Cloughton discovery. As a result of the extension the first phase of the licence will now expire on 21 March 2028 and the second phase will expire on 21 July 2030. The work programme during the first phase of the PEDL343 licence includes: - Acquire 17km 2 3D seismic - Drill a well to 6,500 ft TVDSS 1 William Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "I am very pleased that we have secured this extension which has provided us with the time needed to drill the appraisal well on the 137bcf Cloughton gas field. This onshore field is close to the NTS 2 and as such a successful appraisal well will allow the field to be brought online quickly. The domestic gas produced from Cloughton would not only displace high GHG 3 intensity imported LNG 4 , generate well paid local jobs, provide gas to heat almost half of the homes in North Yorkshire and generate over £50m in taxes, but importantly it would largely be unnoticed by the local community yet provide a material positive impact to local community groups, as demonstrated at our other onshore UK production sites." * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 1 TVDSS - True Vertical Depth below the Sub Sea datum. 2 NTS - National Transmission System 3 GHG - Green House Gas 4 LNG - Liquified Natural Gas This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and