BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC is launching a WRAP Retail Offer to raise up to £350,000 through the issuance of new ordinary shares at 1.2 pence per share, with up to 29,166,667 shares available. Investors in this offer will receive one warrant for every four shares purchased, exercisable at 2 pence within two years. This retail offer is conditional on the completion of a larger placing aiming to raise approximately £3.5 million at the same price per share. The proceeds from both the retail offer and the placing will be used for the same purposes, as detailed in a separate announcement. Admission of the new shares to AIM is anticipated on March 3, 2026. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 10 February 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OR INTO OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND, CANADA, SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN, OR ANY MEMBER STATE OF THE EEA, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE, OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON TO WHOM, TO DO SO MIGHT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OR BREACH OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE WRAP RETAIL OFFER AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO, AND MAY ONLY BE ACTED UPON BY, THOSE PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 43 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005, AS AMENDED (WHICH INCLUDES AN EXISTING MEMBER OF EUROPA OIL & GAS PLC). ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO SUCH PERSONS AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH SUCH PERSONS. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM PART OF ANY OFFER OR INVITATION TO SELL OR ISSUE, OR ANY SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE OR SUBSCRIBE FOR, ANY SECURITIES OF EUROPA OIL & GAS. 10 February 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (holdings) PLC (" Europa " or the " Company ") WRAP Retail Offer for up to £350,000 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, (AIM: EOG) the AIM quoted West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, is pleased to announce a retail offer via the Winterflood Retail Access Platform (" WRAP ") to raise up to £350,000 (the " WRAP Retail Offer ") through the issue of new ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company (" Ordinary Shares "). Under the WRAP Retail Offer up to 29,166,667 new Ordinary Shares (the " WRAP Retail Offer Shares ") will be made available at a price of 1.2 pence per share. As part of the WRAP Retail Offer, the Company has agreed that 1 warrant for every 4 WRAP Retail Offer Shares will be granted (for no additional subscription cost), with each warrant entitling the holder to acquire one new Ordinary Share at a price of 2 pence up to expiry on the date 2 years after the admission of the WRAP Retail Shares to trading on AIM. In addition to the WRAP Retail Offer, and as announced earlier today, the Company is also proposing a placing of new Ordinary Shares (the " Placing Shares " and together with the WRAP Retail Offer Shares, the " New Ordinary Shares ") to raise approximately £3.5m (before expenses) through a bookbuild process (the " Placing ") at a price of 1.2 pence per Placing Share (the " Placing Price "). The Placing Price represents a discount of approximately 20 per cent. to the closing bid price of an Ordinary Share on 9 February 2026 (being the latest practicable date prior to this announcement). The issue price of the WRAP Retail Offer Shares is equal to the Placing Price. Investors in the Placing will also receive Warrants on the same basis as the investors in the WRAP Retail Offer. The separate announcement that has been made regarding the Placing and its terms sets out the reasons for the Placing and use of proceeds. The proceeds of the WRAP Retail Offer will be utilised in the same way as the proceeds of the Placing. For the avoidance of doubt, the WRAP Retail Offer is not part of the Placing. Completion of the WRAP Retail Offer is conditional, inter alia, upon the completion of the Placing but completion of the Placing is not conditional on the completion of the WRAP Retail Offer. The issue of the WRAP Retail Offer Shares, the Placing Shares and the Warrants is conditional on the passing of a resolution to be put to shareholders of the Company at a General Meeting, which is expected to be held on or around 27 February 2026. The WRAP Retail Offer and the Placing are conditional on the New Ordinary Shares being admitted to trading on AIM (" Admission "). It is anticipated that Admission will become effective and that dealings in the New Ordinary Shares will commence on AIM at 8 a.m. on Tuesday 3 March 2026. The WRAP Retail Offer The Company values its retail shareholder base and believes that it is appropriate to provide its existing retail shareholders in the United Kingdom the opportunity to participate in the WRAP Retail Offer. To be eligible to participate in the WRAP Retail Offer, applicants must be: i. a retail shareholder of the Company, which may include individuals aged 18 years or over, companies and other bodies corporate, partnerships, trusts, associations and other unincorporated organisations, prior to the release of this announcement; ii. resident in the United Kingdom; and iii. a customer of a participating intermediary (such persons being " Eligible Shareholders ") There is a minimum subscription of £100 per investor under the WRAP Retail Offer. The terms and conditions on which investors subscribe will be provided by the relevant financial intermediaries including relevant commission or fee charges. Existing shareholders can contact their broker or wealth manager to participate in the WRAP Retail Offer. Retail brokers wishing to participate in the WRAP Retail Offer on behalf of existing retail shareholders, should contact wrap@winterflood.com. The WRAP Retail Offer is expected to close at 16:30 on 11 February 2026. Eligible shareholders should note that financial intermediaries may have earlier closing times. Expected Timetable in relation to the WRAP Retail Offer WRAP Retail Offer opens 15:00 on 10 February WRAP Retail Offer closes 16:30 on 11 February Announcement of the results of the WRAP Retail Offer 07:00 on 12 February Admission of the Retail Offer Shares and crediting of CREST shares IF approved by shareholders 08:00 on or around 3 March The Company reserves the right to amend the size of the retail offer at its discretion. The Company reserves the right to scale back any order and to reject any application for subscription under the WRAP Retail Offer without giving any reason for such rejection. It is vital to note that once an application for WRAP Retail Offer Shares has been made and accepted via an intermediary, it cannot be withdrawn. The New Ordinary Shares will, when issued, be credited as fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with existing Ordinary Shares including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid after their date of issue. It should be noted that the Warrants do not guarantee any return and will expire if not exercised prior to their expiry date. If the share price of the Company does not exceed the exercise price of the Warrants prior to their expiry date then it is unlikely that any of the Warrants would be exercised. The WRAP Retail Offer is offered in the United Kingdom under the exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus pursuant to Schedule 1 (part 1) of the Public Offers and Admission to Trading Regulations 2024 and the Prospectus Rules of the FCA. As such, there is no need for publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024, or for approval of the same by the Financial Conduct Authority. The Retail Offer is not being made into any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom. No offering document, prospectus or admission document has been or will be prepared or submitted to be approved by the Financial Conduct Authority (or any other authority) in relation to the WRAP Retail Offer, and investors' commitments will be made solely on the basis of the information contained in this announcement and information that has been published by or on behalf of the Company prior to the date of this announcement by notification to a Regulatory Information Service in accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Market Abuse Regulation (EU Regulation No. 596/2014) ("MAR") and MAR as it forms part of United Kingdom law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended). Investors should make their own investigations into the merits of an investment in the Company. Nothing in this announcement amounts to a recommendation to invest in the Company or amounts to investment, taxation or legal advice. It should be noted that a subscription for WRAP Retail Offer Shares and investment in the Company carries a number of risks. Investors should take independent advice from a person experienced in advising on investment in securities such as the WRAP Retail Offer Shares if they are in any doubt. An investment in the Company will place capital at risk. The value of investments, and any income, can go down as well as up, so investors could get back less than the amount invested. Neither past performance nor any forecasts should be considered a reliable indicator of future results. For Further Information William Holland / Louise Armstrong Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Sophia Bechev / Kaitlan Billings Winterflood Retail Access Platform WRAP@winterflood.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 203 100 0214 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 Further information on the Company can be found on its website at https://www.europaoil.com/ The Company's LEI is 213800JWTCW7TN3WRC06 This announcement should be read in its entirety. In particular, the information in the "Important Notices" section of the announcement should be read and understood. Important Notices The content of this announcement, which has been prepared by and is the sole responsibility of the Company. This announcement and the information contained herein is not for release, publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, in or into or from the United States (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia (the " United States " or " US ")), Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, the Republic of South Africa, any member state of the EEA or any other jurisdiction where to do so might constitute a violation of the relevant laws or regulations of such jurisdiction. The WRAP Retail Offer Shares have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " US Securities Act ") or under the applicable state securities laws of the United States and may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in or into the United States. No public oﬀering of the WRAP Retail Offer Shares is being made in the United States. The WRAP Retail Offer Shares are being oﬀered and sold outside the United States in " oﬀshore transactions ", as deﬁned in, and in compliance with, Regulation S under the US Securities Act (" Regulation S ") to non-US persons (within the meaning of Regulation S). In addition, the Company has not been, and will not be, registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or issue or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for WRAP Retail Offer Shares in the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, the Republic of South Africa, any member state of the EEA or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is or may be unlawful. No public offer of the securities referred to herein is being made in any such jurisdiction. This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States of America. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States. The distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. WRAP is a proprietary technology platform owned and operated by Winterflood Securities Ltd (registered address at Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London EC4R 3GA; FRN 141455). Winterflood Securities Ltd (" Winterflood ") is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority, is acting exclusively for the Company and for no-one else and will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this announcement) as its client in relation to the WRAP Retail Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients, nor for providing advice in connection with the WRAP Retail Offer, Admission and the other arrangements referred to in this announcement. The value of Ordinary Shares and the income from them is not guaranteed and can fall as well as rise due to stock market movements. When you sell your investment, you may get back less than you originally invested. Figures refer to past performance and past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. Returns may increase or decrease as a result of currency fluctuations. Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements which are based on the Company's expectations, intentions and projections regarding its future performance, anticipated events or trends and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements, which may use words such as "aim", "anticipate", "believe", "intend", "estimate", "expect" and words of similar meaning, include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause the actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and dividend policy and the development of the industries in which the Company's businesses operate to differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given those risks and uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this announcement and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. The Company and Winterflood expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect actual results or any change in the assumptions, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based unless required to do so by the Financial Conduct Authority, the London Stock Exchange or applicable law. The information in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. None of Winterflood or any of its affiliates, accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to this announcement, including the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Winterflood and its affiliates, accordingly, disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Any indication in this announcement of the price at which the Ordinary Share have been bought or sold in the past cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. Persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. No statement in this announcement is intended to be a profit forecast and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or target dividend per share of the Company for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or dividends per share of the Company. Neither the content of the Company's website (or any other website) nor the content of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the Company's website (or any other website) is incorporated into or forms part of this announcement. The WRAP Retail Offer Shares to be issued or sold pursuant to the WRAP Retail Offer will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange other than the London Stock Exchange. It is further noted that the WRAP Retail Offer is only open to investors in the United Kingdom who fall within Article 43 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (which includes an existing member of the Company). Grant Thornton UK LLP, which is authorised and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom, is acting Nominated Adviser to the Company in connection with the Placing. Grant Thornton UK LLP has not authorised the contents of, or any part of, this announcement, and no liability whatsoever is accepted by Grant Thornton UK LLP for the accuracy of any information or opinions contained in this announcement or for the omission of any material information. The responsibilities of Grant Thornton UK LLP as the Company's Nominated Adviser under the Market Rules for Companies and the Market Rules for Nominated Advisers are owed solely to London Stock Exchange plc and are not owed to the Company or to any director or shareholder of the Company or any other person, in respect of its decision to acquire shares in the capital of the Company in reliance on any part of this announcement, or otherwise. Tennyson Securities (a trading name of Shard Capital Partners LLP) is authorised and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom. Tennyson Securities is acting solely as broker and bookrunner exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Bookbuild and the contents of this Announcement and will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this Announcement) as its client in relation to the Bookbuild or the contents of this Announcement nor will it be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the contents of this Announcement. Apart from the responsibilities and liabilities, if any, which may be imposed on Tennyson Securities by FSMA or the regulatory regime established thereunder, Tennyson Securities accepts no responsibility whatsoever, and makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, for the Bookbuild or the contents of this Announcement including its accuracy, completeness or verification or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it, or on behalf of it, the Company or any other person, in connection with the Company and the contents of this Announcement, whether as to the past or the future. Tennyson Securities accordingly disclaims all and any liability whatsoever, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), which it might otherwise have in respect of the contents of this Announcement or any such statement. UK Product Governance Requirements Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements of Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Requirements"), and disclaiming all and any liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which any "manufacturer" (for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto, the Retail Offer Shares have been subject to a product approval process, which has determined that the Retail Offer Shares are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of COBS; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all permitted distribution channels (the "Target Market Assessment"). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment, distributors should note that: the price of the Retail Offer Shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the Retail Offer Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the Retail Offer Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection, who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to any contractual, legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Retail Offer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of Chapters 9A or 10A respectively of COBS; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, or purchase, or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the Retail Offer Shares. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Retail Offer Shares and determining appropriate distribution channels. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and