BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc is holding a General Meeting on February 27, 2026, to seek shareholder approval for a conditional placing of approximately £3.5 million and a WRAP Retail Offer of up to £350,000, along with the issuance of Fundraising and Broker Warrants. The Directors unanimously recommend voting in favour of these resolutions, as the placing is crucial for the company to maintain its interest in the EG-08 licence and continue operations; failure to pass the resolution would create material uncertainty regarding the company's ability to continue as a going concern. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 10 February 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 10 February 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ('Europa' or the 'Company') Notice of General Meeting and Posting of Circular Further to the Company's earlier announcement on 10 February 2026, Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM traded West Africa, UK and Ireland focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, announces that a Shareholder Circular is available on the Company's website at www.europaoil.com and has today been sent by mail to shareholders who have elected to receive a hard copy. The Shareholder Circular contains a Notice of General Meeting ("GM") at which the following authorities will be sought: · approval of the conditional Placing of approximately £3.5m; · approval of the WRAP Retail Offer of up to £350,000; · approval of Fundraising Warrants to be issued; and · approval of Broker Warrants to be issued in consideration of the successful Placing. Notice is given that the GM will be held at the offices of Tennyson Securities, Second Floor, 26 Caxton Street, London, SW1H 0RJ at 11:00 a.m. (UK time) on Friday 27 th February 2026. All shareholders are invited to participate in the poll. The Directors believe that the Placing will promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole. Accordingly, they unanimously recommend you vote in favour of the resolution to be proposed at the GM. Shareholders are reminded that the Placing is conditional, amongst other things, on the passing of the resolution to be proposed at the GM. SHOULD THE RESOLUTION NOT BE PASSED, THE PLACING WILL NOT PROCEED, AND THE COMPANY WILL NOT HAVE SUFFICIENT FUNDS TO MAINTAIN ITS CURRENT INTEREST IN THE EG-08 LICENCE (HELD BY VIRTUE OF A 42.9% HOLDING OF ANTLER GLOBAL LIMITED) NOR TO CONTINUE ITS OTHER OPERATIONS AND THERE WOULD BE A MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY OVER THE COMPANY'S ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. Shareholders are encouraged to vote in advance of the GM with votes cast by poll/proxy card or letters of representation from nominee account holders. In order to vote by proxy, please use the Form of Proxy which has been posted to you or can be found on the website. Please use the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it and return it to the Company's registrar, Computershare Investor Services PLC at The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road, Bristol, BS99 6ZY, as soon as possible and, in any event, so as to be received by no later than 11:00am on Wednesday 25 th February 2026. You are strongly advised to appoint the Chair of the meeting as your proxy to ensure that your vote is counted. ** ENDS ** For Further Information William Holland / Louise Armstrong Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 203 100 0214 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting +44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and