BETA Close X Europa Oil & Gas has received confirmation from the Irish Government that its FEL 4/19 licence remains live and in Phase 1 while its extension application is under consideration, a crucial development for the company's strategic asset containing the 1.5 TCF Inishkea West gas prospect. This prospect is highlighted as a low-risk, potentially significant source of low-emission energy for Ireland, with proximity to existing infrastructure allowing for rapid development and a reduction in reliance on higher-emission imported gas. Disclaimer* Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) PLC 30 January 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc / Index: AIM / Epic: EOG / Sector: Oil & Gas 30 January 2026 Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc ("Europa" or the "Company") FEL 4/19 - Status of Licence Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc, the AIM quoted West Africa, UK, and Ireland and focused oil and gas exploration, development and production company, is pleased to announce that it has received confirmation from the Irish Government's Department of Climate, Energy and the Environment that, whilst the FEL 4/19 licence Phase 1 extension application is under consideration, it remains live and in Phase 1 until the application process is concluded. Will Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Europa, said: "FEL 4/19 contains the large 1.5 TCF, low risk Inishkea West gas prospect and is a strategic asset that can potentially provide a reliable source of low emission energy for Ireland and play a key role in the transition to renewable green power. Given the proximity to existing infrastructure, a discovery at Inishkea West could be brought online quickly and would reduce Ireland's reliance on imported gas, which carries significantly higher emissions than gas from Inishkea West would." * * ENDS * * For further information, please visit www.europaoil.com or contact: William Holland Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) plc mail@europaoil.com Samantha Harrison / Ciara Donnelly / Elliot Peters Grant Thornton UK LLP - Nominated Adviser +44 (0) 20 7383 5100 Peter Krens Tennyson Securities +44 (0) 20 7186 9033 Patrick d'Ancona / Anna Sutton Vigo Consulting + 44 (0) 20 7390 0230 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) (EOG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and