item 1 of the notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting “Latest Practicable Date” July 14, 2026, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining certain information before the publication of this circular “Nasdaq” Nasdaq Global Select Market — 3 — DEFINITIONS “New Articles of Association” the proposed amended memorandum and articles of association of the Company, titled the Sixth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association “Nominating Committee” the nominating committee of the Board “ Share Option” an Option that is not intended to be an Incentive Share Option “Option” a right granted to a Participant pursuant to the 2026 Share Incentive Plan to purchase a specified number of Shares at a specified price during specified time periods, which may be either an Incentive Share Option or a Share Option “Parent” a parent corporation under Section 424(e) of the Code “Participant” a person who, as an Eligible Participant, has been granted an Award pursuant to the 2026 Share Incentive Plan “Primary Conversion” the conversion of the Hong Kong listing status from secondary listing status under Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules to listing status “Primary Conversion Effective Date” the date that the Company, in its discretion, may voluntarily elect, upon which the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will regard the Company as having a listing status “Related Entity” holding company(ies) of the Company, the fellow subsidiaries (other than the Company or any Subsidiary) or associated companies of the Company, as permitted under Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules “Restricted Share” a Share awarded to a Participant pursuant to the Plan that is subject to certain restrictions and may be subject to risk of forfeiture “Restricted Share Unit” the right granted to a Participant pursuant to the Plan to receive a Share at a future date “RMB” Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC “Scheme Limit” the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan or its equivalent in ADSs “SEC” U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission “Share(s)” ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with par value of US$0.000000625 each, and, in Appendix II, Class A Ordinary Share(s) and also an ADS, except as otherwise provided “Shareholder Approval” the passing of the ordinary resolutions by the Shareholders at the EGM to approve and adopt the 2026 Share Incentive Plan — 4 — DEFINITIONS “Shareholder(s)” the holder(s) of the Share(s), and where the context requires, ADSs “Share Repurchase Mandate” a general mandate proposed to be granted to the Directors to repurchase Class A Ordinary Share and/or ADSs of not exceeding 10% of the total number of issued and outstanding Shares as at the date of passing of the proposed ordinary resolution contained in item 2 of the notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting “Subsidiary” any corporation or other entity of which a majority of the outstanding voting shares or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Company through ownership, by contract or otherwise “substantial shareholder” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Hong Kong Listing Rules “Treasury Share” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Hong Kong Listing Rules “U.S.” or the “United States” the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its jurisdiction “US$” U.S. dollars, the lawful currency of the U.S. “%” percent — 5 — LETTER FROM THE BOARD Baidu, Inc. 百度集團股份有限公司 (A company controlled through weighted voting rights and incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) (Stock Codes: 9888 (HKD counter) and 89888 (RMB counter)) Director Registered Office Mr. Robin Yanhong Li PO Box 309, Ugland House (Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer) Grand Cayman, KY1-1104 Cayman Islands Independent Directors Mr. Yuanqing Yang Principal Executive Offices of Mr. Jixun Foo Main Operations Ms. Sandy Ran Xu Baidu Campus Ms. Xiaodan Liu No. 10 Shangdi 10th Street Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People’s Republic of China Address in Hong Kong Room 6706 Central Plaza 18 Harbour Road Wanchai Hong Kong July 27, 2026 To the Shareholders Dear Sir or Madam, (1) PROPOSED GRANTING OF GENERAL MANDATES TO ISSUE SHARES AND TO REPURCHASE SHARES; (2) PROPOSED ADOPTION OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN; (3) PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION; AND (4) NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 1. INTRODUCTION 1.1. The purpose of this circular is to provide Shareholders with information in respect of certain resolutions to be proposed at the EGM, including certain matters the Company proposes to adopt for the purpose of the Primary Conversion. — 6 — LETTER FROM THE BOARD 2. BACKGROUND 2.1. The Company has been listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as a secondary listed issuer under Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. 2.2. Taking into account the increase in the trading volume of the Company’s Shares traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since the secondary listing in Hong Kong, the nexus between Hong Kong and the principal business operations of the Company in the People’s Republic of China (the “ PRC ”), as well as the business development and prospects of the Company (including but not limited to further broadening the investor base in China), the Company has decided to pursue the voluntary Primary Conversion. Upon the Primary Conversion Effective Date, the Company will be subject to full compliance with the relevant Hong Kong Listing Rules applicable to a listed issuer, unless otherwise waived or exempted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. 2.3. In preparation for the Primary Conversion, the Company proposes to put forward certain resolutions before its Shareholders at the EGM to facilitate the Company’s compliance with the additional Hong Kong Listing Rules applicable to primary listed issuers on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange before the Primary Conversion Effective Date. These resolutions include: (a) Ordinary resolutions 1 and 3 to approve the Issuance Mandate. See section 3 to this “Letter From the Board” for more information. (b) Ordinary resolution 2 to approve the Repurchase Mandate. See section 4 to this “Letter From the Board” and Appendix I “Explanatory Statement on the Repurchase Mandate” for more information. (c) Ordinary resolutions 4 and 5 to approve the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. See section 5 to this “Letter From the Board” and Appendix II “Summary of the Principal Terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan” for more information. (d) Special resolution 6 to approve the New Articles of Association. See section 6 to this “Letter From the Board” and Appendix III “Proposed Amendments to the Articles of Association” for more information. 3. PROPOSED GRANTING OF GENERAL MANDATE TO ISSUE SHARES AND/ OR ADSS 3.1. In preparation for the Primary Conversion and in order to give the Company the flexibility to issue Class A Ordinary Shares and/or ADSs (including any sale or transfer of Treasury Shares) if and when appropriate, an ordinary resolution will be proposed at the EGM to approve the granting of the Issuance Mandate to the Directors to allot, issue or deal with Additional Shares and/or ADSs representing Class A Ordinary Shares not exceeding 20% of the total issued and outstanding Shares (excluding any Treasury Share) as at the date of passing of the proposed ordinary resolution contained in item 1 of the notice of EGM (i.e., a mandate to allot and issue up to a total of 542,698,450 Class A Ordinary Shares on the basis that the issued share capital of the Company (excluding any Treasury Share) remains unchanged on the date of the EGM). An ordinary resolution to extend the Issuance Mandate by adding the number of Shares and/or ADSs repurchased by the Company pursuant to the Share Repurchase Mandate will also be proposed at the EGM. — 7 — LETTER FROM THE BOARD 4. PROPOSED GRANTING OF GENERAL MANDATE TO REPURCHASE SHARES AND/OR ADSS 4.1. In preparation for the Primary Conversion and in order to give the Company the flexibility to repurchase Class A Ordinary Shares and/or ADSs if and when appropriate, an ordinary resolution will be proposed at the EGM to approve the granting of the Share Repurchase Mandate to the Directors to repurchase Class A Ordinary Shares and/or ADSs representing Class A Ordinary Shares of not exceeding, in aggregate, 10% of the total issued and outstanding Shares (excluding any Treasury Share) as at the date of passing of the proposed ordinary resolution contained in item 2 of the notice of EGM (i.e., a mandate to repurchase up to a total of 271,349,225 Class A Ordinary Shares on the basis that the issued share capital of the Company (excluding any Treasury Share) remains unchanged on the date of the EGM). 4.2. An explanatory statement required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules to provide the Shareholders with requisite information reasonably necessary for them to make an informed decision on whether to vote for or against the granting of the Share Repurchase Mandate is set out in Appendix I to this circular. 5. PROPOSED ADOPTION OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN 5.1. In preparation for the Primary Conversion, the Company is required to comply with Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Accordingly, the Board has resolved to adopt the 2026 Share Incentive Plan in order to comply with the requirements on share schemes involving issuance of new shares under Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The 2026 Share Incentive Plan will be subject to Shareholders’ approval at the EGM. 5.2. The purposes of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan are to promote the success and enhance the value of the Company by linking the personal interests of the members of the Eligible Participants to those of the Company’s shareholders and by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding performance to generate superior returns to the Company’s shareholders. The Plan is further intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract, and retain the services of members of the Eligible Participants upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort the successful conduct of the Company’s operation is largely dependent. As at the Latest Practicable Date, no Award is proposed to be granted under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. 5.3. The operation of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan is conditional upon: (a) the passing of the ordinary resolutions by the Shareholders at the EGM to approve and adopt the 2026 Share Incentive Plan; and (b) the Listing Committee of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange granting approval for the listing of, and permission to deal in, the Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Awards. 5.4. Pursuant to the note to Rule 17.03(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has consulted its legal adviser on the prospectus requirements of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in relation to the 2026 Share Incentive Plan proposed to be adopted, and will comply with the relevant requirements when granting Awards to the selected Participants. — 8 — LETTER FROM THE BOARD Waiver From Strict Compliance with Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules Regarding Minimum Exercise Price 5.5. Note (1) to Rule 17.03(9) and Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules states that the exercise price of an option must be at least the higher of: (i) the closing price of the securities as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day; and (ii) the average closing price of the securities as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant. 5.6. It has been our Company’s practice to issue options exercisable into ADSs (which represent underlying Class A ordinary shares) denominated in U.S. dollars under the share incentive plans adopted in December 2008, July 2018 and August 2023 respectively, and our Company will continue to issue options exercisable into ADSs after the Primary Conversion. By definition, ADSs are denominated in U.S. dollars, and the exercise price for options with respect to ADSs will necessarily be presented in U.S. dollars. 5.7. On the basis that: (a) the method for determining the exercise price of options will be based on the market price of Company’s ADSs and will substantially replicate the requirement in Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (b) it has been the Company’s practice to issue options exercisable into ADSs with exercise prices denominated in U.S. dollars, and the Company may continue to grant options under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan with exercise prices based on the market price of the Company’s ADSs, which are denominated in U.S. dollars after the Primary Conversion Effective Date; (c) changing the method of determining the exercise price of options may cause confusion to the grantees; and (d) the grant of options exercisable into ADSs with exercise prices determined with reference to the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on Nasdaq (which are denominated in U.S. dollars) would better reflect the market price for the underlying securities subject to the grant, the Company has applied for, and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance with Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules such that the Company will be able to determine the exercise price for options to be granted under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan based on the higher of: (i) the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on Nasdaq on the date of grant, which must be a Nasdaq trading day; and (ii) the average closing price of the Company’s ADSs on Nasdaq for the five Nasdaq trading days immediately preceding the date of grant (the “ USD Minimum Exercise Price ”). For the avoidance of doubt, the terms of option awards may provide that they are exercisable into Shares and/or ADSs. Where options are exercisable into Shares, the exercise price of those options shall comply with Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (i.e. be the higher of: (x) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day in Hong Kong; and (y) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant) but may be denominated in Hong Kong dollars or U.S. dollars, at the Company’s discretion. The exercise price of options exercisable into ADSs will comply with the USD Minimum Exercise Price and be denominated in U.S. dollars. Document on Display 5.8. A copy of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan will be published on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company for display for a period of not less than 14 days before the date of the EGM. — 9 — LETTER FROM THE BOARD 6. PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 6.1. The Board has proposed to amend the existing Articles of Association by adopting the New Articles of Association in substitution for and to the exclusion of the existing Articles of Association mainly to (i) comply with Appendix A1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules; and (ii) incorporate certain consequential and housekeeping amendments. 6.2. The legal advisers to the Company as to Hong Kong laws and the Cayman Islands laws have respectively confirmed that the proposed amendments to the existing Articles of Association comply with the applicable requirements of the Listing Rules and do not violate the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company also confirms that there is nothing unusual in the proposed amendments to the existing Articles of Association from the perspective of a Cayman Islands company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. 6.3. The full text of the New Articles of Association shown as a comparison against the existing Articles of Association is set out in Appendix III to this circular. The Chinese translation of the new Articles of Association is for reference only. In case of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the English and Chinese versions, the English version shall prevail. 6.4. The proposed adoption of the New Articles of Association is subject to the approval of the Shareholders by way of a special resolution at the EGM and, if approved by the Shareholders at the EGM, will come into effect from the Primary Conversion Effective Date. The full text of the New Articles of Association, if approved by the Shareholders at the EGM, will be published on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ( www.hkexnews.hk ) and the Company ( https://ir.baidu.com ) on the Primary Conversion Effective Date. 7. THE EGM AND PROXY ARRANGEMENT 7.1. The notice of the EGM is set out in this circular. The form of proxy for use at the EGM is also enclosed with this circular. The form of proxy is also published on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ( www.hkexnews.hk ), the Company ( https://ir.baidu.com ) and the SEC ( www.sec.gov ). 7.2. The Board has fixed the close of business on July 17, 2026, Beijing/Hong Kong time, as the record date (the “ Shares Record Date ”) of the Shares. Holders of record of the Shares as of the Shares Record Date are entitled to attend and vote at the EGM and any adjourned meeting thereof. Holders of record of the ADSs as of the close of business on July 17, 2026 New York time (the “ ADS Record Date ”) who wish to exercise their voting rights in respect of the underlying Shares must give voting instructions to The Bank of New York Mellon, the depositary of the ADSs. 7.3. The Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, must receive the proxy form by no later than 9:00 a.m., Beijing/ Hong Kong time, on August 24, 2026 at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong to ensure your representation at the EGM, and The Bank of New York Mellon must receive your voting instructions by no later than close of business, New York time, on August 19, 2026 to enable the votes attaching to the Shares represented by your ADSs to be cast at the EGM. — 10 — LETTER FROM THE BOARD 8. VOTING BY POLL 8.1. In accordance with Rule 13.39(4) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, all votes of the Shareholders at the EGM shall be taken by poll and an announcement on the poll results will be published by the Company after the EGM in the manner prescribed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As at the Latest Practicable Date, the Directors were not aware of any Shareholder who is required to abstain from voting on the resolutions to be proposed at the EGM. For the avoidance of doubt, holders of Treasury Shares (if any) shall abstain from voting at the EGM. 9. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 9.1. This circular, for which the Directors collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief, the information contained in this circular is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this circular misleading. 10. RECOMMENDATION 10.1. The Board considers that the resolutions (the details of which are set out in the notice of EGM) regarding the proposed Issuance Mandate, the proposed Share Repurchase Mandate, the proposed adoption of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan and the proposed amendments to the Articles of Association are in the best interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole. Accordingly, the Directors recommend you to vote in favor of the said resolutions to be proposed at the EGM. Yours faithfully, for and on behalf of the Board of Baidu, Inc. Mr. Robin Yanhong Li Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer — 11 — APPENDIX I EXPLANATORY STATEMENT ON THE REPURCHASE MANDATE The following is an explanatory statement required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules to provide our Shareholders with requisite information reasonably necessary for them to make an informed decision on whether to vote for or against the ordinary resolution to be proposed at the Extraordinary General Meeting in relation to the granting of the Share Repurchase Mandate. 1. SHARE CAPITAL 1.1. As at the Latest Practicable Date, the issued share capital of the Company comprised 2,713,492,250 issued and outstanding Shares (excluding 16,863,158 Class A Ordinary Shares reserved for future issuances upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under the Company’s share incentive plans or expected to be cancelled as of the Latest Practicable Date), out of which 2,189,471,930 were Class A Ordinary Shares and 524,020,320 were Class B Ordinary Shares. 1.2. Subject to the passing of the ordinary resolution 2 in respect of the granting of the Share Repurchase Mandate to be proposed at the EGM, and on the basis that the total number of Shares in issue (excluding any Treasury Share) remains unchanged from the Latest Practicable Date to August 26, 2026 (i.e., being 2,713,492,250 Shares), the Directors would be authorized under the Share Repurchase Mandate, during the period in which the Share Repurchase Mandate remains in force, to repurchase a total of 271,349,225 Shares (whether as Shares or ADSs that represent Shares), representing 10% of the total number of issued and outstanding Shares (excluding any Treasury Share) as at August 26, 2026. 2. REASONS FOR SHARE REPURCHASE 2.1. The Directors believe that the granting of the Share Repurchase Mandate is in the best interests of the Company and our Shareholders. Share repurchases may, depending on the market conditions and funding arrangements at the time, lead to an enhancement of the net asset value per Share and/or ADS and/or earnings per Share and/or ADS and will only be made when the Directors believe that such a repurchase will benefit the Company and our Shareholders. 3. FUNDING OF SHARE REPURCHASE 3.1. The Company may only apply funds legally available for repurchases of Shares and/or ADSs in accordance with the Articles of Association, the laws of the Cayman Islands and/or any other applicable laws, as the case may be. 4. IMPACT OF REPURCHASE 4.1. There might be a material adverse impact on the working capital or gearing position of the Company (as compared with the position disclosed in the audited accounts contained in the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025) in the event that the Share Repurchase Mandate is carried out in full at any time during the proposed repurchases period. However, the Directors do not intend to exercise the Share Repurchase Mandate to such extent as would, in the circumstances, have a material adverse effect on the working capital requirements of the Company or the gearing levels which in the opinion of the Directors are from time to time appropriate for the Company. — 12 — APPENDIX I EXPLANATORY STATEMENT ON THE REPURCHASE MANDATE 5. MARKET PRICES OF SHARES 5.1. The highest and lowest prices per Share at which Shares have traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange during each of the previous 12 months were as follows: Share price (per Share) Highest (HK$) Lowest (HK$) 2025 July 93.550 83.100 August 91.550 84.200 September 138.400 90.800 October 141.400 112.100 November 132.000 105.300 December 132.300 112.800 2026 January 161.200 132.000 February 151.600 122.000 March 125.000 102.800 April 127.700 104.800 May 147.900 122.700 June 134.900 98.500 6. GENERAL 6.1. To the best of their knowledge and having made all reasonable enquiries, none of the Directors nor any of their respective close associates (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) have any present intention to sell any Shares to the Company in the event that the granting of the Share Repurchase Mandate is approved by the Shareholders. 6.2. The Company has not been notified by any core connected persons (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company that they have a present intention to sell any Shares to the Company, or that they have undertaken not to sell any Shares held by them to the Company in the event that the granting of the Share Repurchase Mandate is approved by the Shareholders. 6.3. The Directors will exercise the power of the Company to repurchase Shares and/or ADSs pursuant to the Share Repurchase Mandate in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the applicable laws of the Cayman Islands. 6.4. In the event the Company conducts a repurchase of Shares, the Company may cancel such repurchased Shares or hold them as Treasury Shares, subject to market conditions and the Group’s capital management needs at the relevant time of the repurchases. — 13 — APPENDIX I EXPLANATORY STATEMENT ON THE REPURCHASE MANDATE 6.5. For any Treasury Shares deposited with CCASS pending resale on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company shall: (i) procure its broker not to give any instructions to Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited to vote at general meetings of the Company for the Treasury Shares deposited with CCASS; and (ii) in the case of dividends or distributions, withdraw the Treasury Shares from CCASS, and either them in its own name as Treasury Shares or cancel them, in each case before the record date for the dividends or distributions, or take any other measures to ensure that it will not exercise any shareholders’ rights or receive any entitlements which would otherwise be suspended under the applicable laws if those Shares were registered in its own name as Treasury Shares. 6.6. The Company has confirmed that neither the explanatory statement nor the proposed share repurchase has any unusual features. 7. TAKEOVERS CODE 7.1. If as a result of a repurchase of Shares pursuant to the Share Repurchase Mandate, a Shareholder’s proportionate interest in the voting rights of the Company increases, such increase will be treated as an acquisition of voting rights for the purposes of the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share issued by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong (the “ Takeovers Code ”). Accordingly, a Shareholder or a group of Shareholders acting in concert (within the meaning under the Takeovers Code), depending on the level of increase in the Shareholder’s interest, could obtain or consolidate control of the Company and thereby become obliged to make a mandatory offer in accordance with Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code. 7.2. To the best knowledge of the Company, as at the Latest Practicable Date, Mr. Robin Yanhong Li, an executive Director and a controlling shareholder, was able to control the voting rights attached to (i) 70,485,112 Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) 439,200,000 Class B Ordinary Shares (excluding any interest in Treasury Shares), representing approximately 60% of the voting rights in the Company, either directly or through his controlled corporations. In the event that the Directors exercise the proposed Share Repurchase Mandate in full, assuming there will be no change in the number of issued and outstanding Shares other than the exercise of the Share Repurchase Mandate and the shareholding of Mr. Robin Yanhong Li for which he could exercise voting rights, Mr. Robin Yanhong Li’s voting rights in the Company would be increased to approximately 62%, which would not give rise to an obligation to make a mandatory offer under Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code. 7.3. The Directors do not propose to exercise the Share Repurchase Mandate to such an extent as would, in the circumstances, give rise to an obligation to make a mandatory offer in accordance with Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code and/or result in the aggregate number of Shares held by the public shareholders falling below the prescribed minimum percentage required by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. — 14 — APPENDIX I EXPLANATORY STATEMENT ON THE REPURCHASE MANDATE 8. SHARE REPURCHASE MADE BY THE COMPANY 8.1. In February 2023, the Board authorized a share repurchase program (the “ 2023 Program ”), under which the Company may repurchase up to US$5.0 billion of its ADSs or Class A Ordinary Shares, effective until December 31, 2025. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased a total of approximately 9.1 million ADSs for a total cost of approximately RMB5.6 billion (US$771 million) in the open market under the 2023 Program. The 2023 Program expired on December 31, 2025. 8.2 In the first quarter of 2026, the Board authorized a new share repurchase program, under which the Company may repurchase up to US$5.0 billion of its ADSs or Class A Ordinary Shares, effective until December 31, 2028. For the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased 698,950 Class A Ordinary Shares and 1,324,177 ADSs for a total cost of approximately US$172 million in the open market under this program. — 15 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN The following is a summary of the principal terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan to be considered and approved by Shareholders at the EGM. It does not form part of, nor is it intended to be part of, the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. The Directors reserve the right at any time prior to the EGM to make amendments to the 2026 Share Incentive Plan as they may consider necessary or appropriate provided that such amendments do not conflict in any material aspect with the summary set out in this Appendix. The views of the Directors and the Compensation Committee as to the appropriateness and reasonableness of particular terms and how they align with the purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan are set out in italics and as notes to the summary. Purposes The purposes of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan are to promote the success and enhance the value of the Company by linking the personal interests of the members of the Eligible Participants to those of the Company’s shareholders and by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding performance to generate superior returns to the Company’s shareholders. The Plan is further intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract, and retain the services of members of the Eligible Participants upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort the successful conduct of the Company’s operation is largely dependent. Award An Option, Restricted Share, Restricted Share Unit or any other form of award granted to a Participant pursuant to the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. Plan administration The 2026 Share Incentive Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board; provided, however that the Compensation Committee may delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board the authority to grant or amend Awards to Participants other than independent Directors and executive officers of the Company.The Committee shall consist of at least two individuals, each of whom qualifies as a director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(3) under the Exchange Act. Reference to the Committee shall refer to the Board if the Compensation Committee has not been established or ceases to exist and the Board does not appoint a successor Committee. Eligibility “ Eligible Participants ” under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan are Employees, directors and employees of the Related Entities and Consultants. In the definition of Eligible Participants: (a) “ Employee ” means any person, including an officer or member of the Board of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, who is in the employ of the Group (whether or , and includes a person who is granted an Award as an inducement to enter into an employment relationship with the Group), subject to the control and direction of the Group as to both the work to be performed and the manner and method of performance. The payment of a director’s fee by the Group shall not be sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Group. — 16 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN (b) “ Related Entity ” means holding company(ies) of the Company, the fellow subsidiaries (other than the Company or any Subsidiary) or associated companies of the Company, as permitted under Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. (c) “ Consultant ” means any consultant or adviser if: (a) the consultant or adviser renders bona fide services to the Group on matters such as (but not limited to) technology, business operation, business development, finance and strategic planning services including but not limited to AI development, cloud services, chip optimization, autonomous driving engineering and deep learning framework; (b) the services rendered by the consultant or adviser are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company’s securities; (c) the consultant or adviser is a natural person who has contracted directly with the Group to render such services; and (d) such services from the Consultant are on a continuing or recurring basis in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business and which are in the interests of the long term growth of the Group, as determined by the Committee and in accordance with Rule 17.03A(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. In assessing whether a Consultant provides services to the Group on a continuing and recurring basis, the Committee shall take into consideration the length and type of services provided and the recurrence and regularity of such services, and will benchmark such metrics against the performance of the employees, officers and directors of the Group to whom the Group provides equity incentives, while taking into account the purpose of the Plan and the objectives in engaging the Consultant. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions, or (ii) professional service providers such as auditors or valuers who provide assurance or are required to perform their services with impartiality and objectivity, may not be Consultants for the purposes of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. — 17 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Note: The Directors (including the independent Directors) consider the inclusion of directors and employees of Related Entities and Consultants to be in line with industry norms, and that the proposed scope for “Eligible Participants” (including the selection criteria of Eligible Participants) to be appropriate and aligns with the purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. In particular, in respect of Eligible Participants other than Employees: (a) directors and employees of Related Entities will have a sufficiently close relationship with the Group and would likely be in a position to influence the Group’s business, reputation, operations and performance; (b) Consultants are considered to be particularly important to the success of the Group’s business and future development, including (i) by contributing to the Group’s operations and business structure/model; and (ii) would enable the Group to preserve its cash resources, and instead, use share incentives to attract persons of talent outside of the Group, whilst also aligning their interests with that of the Group and Shareholders through them owning a proprietary interest in the Company and becoming future Shareholders; (c) this scope is consistent with, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the practices of peer companies that operate in similar or comparable industries to that of the Group or other companies listed in Hong Kong and their remuneration or compensation packages, and accordingly, the Directors (including the independent Directors) consider it appropriate to enhance the relationship with these Eligible Participants by aligning their interests with that of the Company and Shareholders. Based on the above, the Directors (including the independent Directors) believe that the proposed scope for “Eligible Participants” is in line with the purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. Scheme Limit and Consultant Sublimit Scheme Limit : The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan together with the number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to all options and awards to be granted under any other share incentive plans of the Company (the “ Scheme Limit ”) shall be ten percent (10%) of the total number of Class A and Class B ordinary shares of the Company in issue (excluding Treasury Shares) as at the date of the Shareholder Approval (being 271,349,225 Shares, assuming that there is no change in the number of issued and outstanding Shares during the period from the Latest Practicable Date to the date of Shareholder Approval), or its equivalent in ADSs. The Shares to be issued pursuant to Awards may be authorized, but unissued Shares or Treasury Shares (subject to Applicable Laws). — 18 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Consultant Sublimit: Within the Scheme Limit, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards to be granted under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan to Consultants (the “ Consultant Sublimit ”) shall be 0.5% of the total number of Class A and Class B ordinary shares of the Company in issue (excluding Treasury Shares) as at the date of the Shareholder Approval (being 13,567,461 Shares, assuming that there is no change in the number of issued and outstanding Shares during the period from the Latest Practicable Date to the date of Shareholder Approval). Note: The Consultant Sublimit is determined based on the maximum possible number of Shares that the Company intends to grant to Consultants and the Company’s future business and development plan. The Directors (including the independent Directors) consider the Consultant Sublimit to be appropriate and reasonable given the nature of the industries in which the Group operates and the Group’s current and future business needs, and takes into account: (i) the rationale behind the scope and eligibility criteria of Consultants, as detailed above; (ii) that this sublimit provides the Group with flexibility to provide equity incentives (instead of expending cash resources in the form of monetary consideration) to reward and collaborate with persons who are not employees or directors of our Group, but who may have exceptional expertise in their field or who may be able to provide valuable expertise and services to our Group, which is in line with the purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan; (iii) the fact that this sublimit represents a maximum limit, and the Company retains the flexibility to allocate Shares from this sublimit to satisfy Awards made to other Eligible Participants depending on business growth and needs in the future as and when appropriate. For example, where the Company considers that the business needs of the Group at a future point in time suggests that the full Consultant Sublimit is no longer needed for Consultants and that it would be more appropriate and beneficial to serve the purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan to allocate a portion of the Shares underlying the Awards under this sublimit to other Eligible Participants; and (iv) the service provider sublimits (as a percentage of the scheme mandate limit) proposed or adopted by other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company has considered the service provider sublimits adopted by comparable companies in the technology sector listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and notes that the Consultant Sublimit is within the range adopted by such companies. — 19 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Calculating usage of the Scheme Limit and the Consultant Sublimit For the purposes of calculating usage of the Scheme Limit and the Consultant Sublimit: (a) Shares covered by an Award that is cancelled shall, where required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, be counted as used and shall not return back to the Scheme Limit (or the Consultant Sublimit). For the avoidance of doubt, Shares covered by an Award that is forfeited or has lapsed shall not be counted as used and may return back to the Scheme Limit (and the Consultant Sublimit). (b) To the extent that an Award terminates, expires, or lapses for any reason, or is settled in cash and not Shares, then any Shares subject to the Award shall again be available for the grant of an Award pursuant to the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. To the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, Shares issued in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding awards of any entity acquired by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company shall not be counted against Shares available for grant. If any Restricted Shares are forfeited by the Participant or repurchased by the Company, such Shares may again be granted or awarded. (c) To the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, Shares delivered by the Participant or withheld by the Company upon the exercise of any Award under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan, in payment of the exercise price thereof or tax withholding thereon, may again be granted or awarded hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Shares may again be granted or awarded if such action would cause an Incentive Share Option to fail to qualify as an incentive share option under Section 422 of the Code. Refreshing the Scheme Limit and the Consultant Sublimit The Company may refresh either of the Scheme Limit and/or the Consultant Sublimit in accordance with and as required under Rule 17.03C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, that is, the Company may refresh such limits: (a) from the later of three years after the Effective Date or three years after the date of the previous shareholder approval for refreshment of the Scheme Limit or the Consultant Sublimit (as the case may be), with the prior approval of Shareholders in general meeting by way of ordinary resolution; or (b) at any time, with the prior approval of the Shareholders in general meeting and subject to compliance with any additional requirements set out in the Hong Kong Listing Rules. — 20 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Any refreshment within any three year period must be approved by Shareholders subject to the following provisions: (i) any controlling shareholders and their associates (or if there is no controlling shareholder, Directors (excluding independent Directors) and the chief executive of the Company and their respective associates) must abstain from voting in favour of the relevant resolution at the general meeting; and (ii) the Company must comply with the requirements under the relevant Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company must send a circular to the Shareholders containing the number of Awards that were already granted under the existing Scheme Limit and the existing Consultant Sublimit, and the reason for the refreshment. Limit on Refreshed Scheme Limit The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all Awards to be granted under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan under the Scheme Limit as refreshed and all other share incentive plans of the Company shall not exceed 10% of the total number of Class A and Class B ordinary shares of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares) as at the date of the approval to refresh the Scheme Limit by the Shareholders in general meeting. For purposes of this limitation, Awards already granted under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan and any other share incentive plans of the Company (including those exercised, outstanding, cancelled or lapsed in accordance with its terms) shall not be counted for the purpose of calculating the number of Shares that may be issued under the Scheme Limit as refreshed. Grants beyond the Scheme Limit The Company may seek separate approval by its Shareholders in general meeting for granting Awards beyond the Scheme Limit provided the Awards in excess of the limit are granted only to Participants specifically identified by the Company before such approval is sought. The Company must send a circular to the Shareholders containing the name of each specified Participant who may be granted such Awards, the number and terms of the Awards to be granted to each Participant, and the purpose of granting Awards to the specified Participants with an explanation as to how the terms of the Awards serve such purpose. The number and terms of Awards to be granted to such Participant must be fixed before Shareholders’ approval. In respect of any options to be granted, the date of the Board meeting for proposing such grant should be taken as the date of grant for the purpose of calculating the exercise price under Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. — 21 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Maximum entitlement of each Eligible Participant Awards granted to individuals that exceed the thresholds set out in Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules will be subject to additional approval requirements as required under Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and set out in the section headed “Further approval requirements” below. Limit on time of grant The Company shall not make grants of the following Awards during the following restricted periods: Restricted Period Relevant Award (a) When the Company is in possession of inside information or material information and until (and including) the next trading day after publication of such information. Any Award. (b) Within 30 days before the date (or such date that is first notified to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the Hong Kong Listing Rules) that the Board approves the annual, interim or quarterly results of the Company and until (and including) the publication of such results. Any Award. Restricted Period Relevant Award (c) (i) Within 30 days before the date that the Board approves the interim or quarterly results of the Company and until (and including) the date of the results announcement; and Any Award granted to (x) a Director or chief executive of the Company; or (y) any person whose dealings in Shares are deemed attributable to a director or chief executive of the Company under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). (ii) within 60 days before the date that the Board approves the annual results of the Company and until (and including) the date of the results announcement. — 22 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Further approval requirements for grant of Awards The Company shall not make grants of the following Awards without the additional approvals set out below: Participant (a) To any Eligible Participant if the new grant would result in the Shares issued and to be issued pursuant to all grants made to that participant within the previous 12-month period (on a rolling basis) to represent in aggregate over 1% of the total issued and outstanding Class A and Class B ordinary shares of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares) at the time of the new grant. (b) To the Company’s Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder, or any of their respective associates (as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules). Additional Approval Company’s shareholders’ approval at general meeting. The participant and his/ her close associates (or, if the participant is a connected person, his/her associates), as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules, must abstain from voting. Independent Directors of the Company. — 23 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Participant Additional Approval (c) Additionally: A new grant of a Restricted Share Unit to a Company’s Director (other than independent Director) or chief executive, or any of their respective associates (as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), which results in the Shares issued and to be issued pursuant to all Restricted Share Units granted to that participant within the previous 12-month period (on a rolling basis) to represent in aggregate over 0.1% of the total issued and outstanding Class A and Class B ordinary shares of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares) at the time of the new grant. A new grant of an Award to a Company’s independent non- executive Director or substantial shareholder, or any of their respective associates (as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), which results in the Shares issued and to be issued pursuant to all Awards granted to that participant within the previous 12-month period (on a rolling basis) to represent in aggregate over 0.1% of the total issued and outstanding Class A and Class B ordinary shares of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares) at the time of the new grant. Company’s shareholders’ approval at general meeting. The participant and his/ her associates, and all core connected persons of the Company, as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules, must abstain from voting. Grant price Unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, no amount shall be payable by a Participant on the application for or acceptance of an Award. — 24 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Exercise price/ purchase price Exercise price of Options The exercise price per Share subject to an Option shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement which may be a fixed or variable price related to the Fair Market Value of the Shares; provided, however, that no Option may be granted to an individual subject to taxation in the United States at less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant. Notwithstanding any other terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan, so long as the Company is a primary listed issuer on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the exercise price per Share shall not be lower than: Exercisable into Shares or ADSs Minimum Exercise Price Options exercisable into Shares The higher of: (x) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day in Hong Kong; and (y) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant. Options exercisable into ADSs The higher of: (x) the closing price of ADSs on the Nasdaq on the date of grant, which must be a Nasdaq trading day; and (y) the average closing price of the ADSs on the Nasdaq for the five Nasdaq trading days immediately preceding the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following rules shall apply: (1) the exercise price per Share for an Option granted to a Participant who is subject to taxation under the Code shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such Option; (2) the exercise price per Share for an Incentive Share Option shall be equal to the Fair Market Value on the date of grant, or, where the Participant is an individual who, at the date of grant, owns Shares possessing more than ten percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any parent or Subsidiary of the Company, a price that is not less than 110% of Fair Market Value on the date of grant; and (3) the exercise price per Share subject to an Option under an Award Agreement shall not be increased without the approval of the relevant Participants. — 25 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN “ Fair Market Value ” means, as of any date, the value of Shares determined as follows: (a) If the Shares are listed on one or more established stock exchanges or national market systems, including without limitation The Nasdaq Stock Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such Shares (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on the principal exchange or system on which the Shares are listed (as determined by the Committee) on the last trading date, on which such closing sales price or closing bid was reported, prior to the date of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; (b) If the Shares are regularly quoted on an automated quotation system (including the OTC Bulletin Board) or by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such Shares as quoted on such system or by such securities dealer on the date of determination, but if selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a Share shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Shares on the date of determination (or, if no such prices were reported on that date, on the last date such prices were reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; or (c) In the absence of an established market for the Shares of the type described in (a) and (b), above, the Fair Market Value thereof shall be determined by the Committee in good faith and in its discretion. Purchase price of Restricted Share and Restricted Share Units The purchase price per Share, if any, subject to a Restricted Share or Restricted Share Unit shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. Note: The above flexibility allows the Company to control the costs incurred by the Company from the grant of Awards under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan by correlating the exercise price for Options with prevailing market prices at the time of grant (particularly considering that timing of when the Options will be exercised are within the discretion of the Participant and is typically made with reference to the difference between the exercise price and prevailing market prices at the time of exercise) and the Company reserving the discretion to determine the issue price, if any, on an individual basis taking into account the nature and degree of value benefiting the Group from granting Awards to such Participant, which is aligned with the purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. — 26 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Exercise period The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part, including exercise prior to vesting; provided that the term of any Option granted under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant of the Option. The Committee shall also determine any conditions, if any, that must be satisfied before all or part of an Option may be exercised, including setting any performance objectives or other vesting criteria. Ranking of Shares Any Shares distributed pursuant to an Award shall be identical to all existing issued Shares and shall be distributed subject to all the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company for the time being in force and will rank pari passu with the Shares in issue on the date of allotment and issue, subject to Applicable Laws. Limits on transfer Awards shall be personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable, except in circumstances where the written consent of the Company has been obtained and a waiver has been granted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for such transfer under the circumstances set out in the note to Rule 17.03(17) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules in compliance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and provided that any such transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan and the Award Agreement (where relevant) as if the transferee were the Participant. Vesting period The overall vesting period for each grant shall not be less than 12 months from the date of grant, except as permitted under Applicable Laws. For the avoidance of doubt for Awards granted to Employees, the overall vesting period for a particular grant may be shorter than 12 months from the grant date in the following circumstances: (a) grants of “make whole” Awards to a new Employee to replace share awards such Employee forfeited when leaving their previous employer; (b) grants to an Employee whose employment is terminated due to death or disability or occurrence of any out of control event; (c) grants of Awards which are subject to the fulfilment of performance targets; (d) grants of Awards that are made in batches during a year for administrative and/or compliance requirements; (e) grants of Awards with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such that the Awards vest evenly over a period of 12 months; or (f) grants of Awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months. — 27 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Note: The Directors and the Compensation Committee are of the view that the vesting period (including the circumstances in which a shorter vesting period may apply), as detailed above, enables the Company to offer competitive remuneration and reward packages to Employees, on an ad hoc basis, in such circumstances that would be justified and reasonable, which is also consistent with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the former practice of the Company and peer companies in the Group’s industry. Accordingly, the above vesting period is considered appropriate and aligns with the purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. Performance targets Subject to the terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan, the Committee shall determine the provisions, terms, and conditions of each Award, including performance criteria. The performance criteria established by the Committee may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following: (i) increase in share price, (ii) earnings per share, (iii) total shareholder return, (iv) operating margin, (v) gross margin, (vi) return on equity, (vii) return on assets, (viii) return on investment, (ix) operating income, (x) net operating income, (xi) profit, (xii) cash flow, (xiii) revenue, (xiv) expenses, (xv) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation, (xvi) economic value added, (xvii) market share, or (xviii) such other performance criteria determined by the Committee. The performance criteria may be applicable to the Company, any other Group member and/or any individual business units of the Company or any other Group member. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in a payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement. In addition, the performance criteria shall be calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, but excluding the effect (whether positive or negative) of any change in accounting standards and any extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring item, as determined by the Committee, occurring after the establishment of the performance criteria applicable to the Award. Note: The Directors consider that it is not practicable to expressly set out when Awards may be granted without performance targets before assessing the individual circumstances of the Eligible Participants as and when they are selected by the Committee. Awards may be granted to Eligible Participants without performance targets, including but not limited to, where the Committee is of the view that additional performance target is not necessary in light of the actual circumstances of the particular Eligible Participant and such arrangement is aligned with the terms and purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan to increase the relevant Participant’ loyalty to the Company and incentivize the relevant Participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its Shares. The Company will comply with the applicable disclosure requirements on performance target(s) under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. — 28 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Voting and dividend rights Unvested Awards do not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company, nor any right to dividends or declarations, transfer or other rights (including those arising on a liquidation of the Company). No Participant shall enjoy any of the rights of a Shareholder by virtue of the grant of an Award unless and until the Shares or ADSs underlying the Award are issued or transferred to the Participant pursuant to the vesting and exercise (if applicable) of such Award. Lapse of awards Without prejudice to the authority of the Committee to provide additional situations in which an Award shall lapse in the terms of the Award Agreement, an Award shall lapse automatically (to the extent not already vested and, where relevant, exercised) on the earliest of: (a) the grant of the Award has not been accepted by the Participant in the manner prescribed; (b) any Awards scheduled to vest at the end of that vesting period but that did not vest due to, for example, the Participant does not satisfy the performance criteria, shall lapse in such number and manner as specified in the Award Agreement; (c) the expiry of any applicable exercise period for an Option; (d) when the clawback mechanism in the 2026 Share Incentive Plan has been triggered; (e) following a determination by the Board of such lapse, including in the following circumstances (i) that the Participant has been guilty of serious misconduct; (ii) that the Participant has been convicted of any criminal offence involving his/her integrity or honesty; (iii) that the Participant has become insolvent or bankrupt or has made arrangements or compositions with his/her creditors generally; or (iv) on any other ground on which the Board or the Committee determines that the Award should lapse; and (f) the Participant transfers the Award in breach of the transferability provisions specified in the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. The Committee shall have the power to decide whether an Award shall lapse and its decision shall be binding and conclusive on the Participant. The Company shall not owe any liability to any Participant for the lapse of any Award under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. Lapsed Awards will not be regarded as utilized for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Limit and Consultant Sublimit. — 29 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Cancellation of Awards The Committee may cancel any Award granted but not vested from time to time with the consent of and on such terms as may be agreed with the relevant Participant; provided that a grant of new Awards to the same Participant whose Awards have been cancelled may only be made if there are unissued Awards available under the Scheme Limit and in compliance with the terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. Clawback In the event that: (a) a Participant ceases to be an Eligible Participant by reason of the termination of the Participant’s employment or direct/indirect contractual engagement with the Group or a Related Entity for cause or without notice or with payment in lieu of notice; (b) a Participant has been charged, penalized or convicted of a civil or criminal offence involving the Participant’s integrity or honesty; (c) in the reasonable opinion of the Board or the Committee, a Participant has engaged in serious misconduct, including with respect to a policy or code of or other agreement with the Group, or breaches the terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan in any material respect; or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Board or the Committee, the grant of an Award to the Participant is no longer determined to be appropriate and aligned with the purpose of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan, the Committee may make a determination at its absolute discretion that: (A) any Awards granted to that Participant but not yet exercised or transferred shall immediately lapse, regardless of whether such Awards have vested or not, and/or (B) with respect to any Shares delivered to that Participant or amount paid to that Participant, the Participant shall be required to transfer back to the Company or its nominee (1) the equivalent number of Shares, (2) an amount in cash equal to the market value of such Shares or amount paid, or (3) a combination of (1) and (2). Note: The Directors are of the view that the above clawback mechanism enables the Company to clawback Awards (or the Shares underlying such Awards) received by those Participants who have, for example, seriously violated the policies of the Group, put the Group into disrepute, adversely harmed the Group, or otherwise exposed the Group to significant risk. In these circumstances, the Company would not consider it in the Company or Shareholders’ best interests to incentivize them with proprietary interests of the Company under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan, nor would the Company consider such Participants benefiting under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan to align with the purpose of the plan. As such, the Company considers this clawback mechanism appropriate and reasonable. — 30 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Term of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan The 2026 Share Incentive Plan will be effective as of the Effective Date and will expire on, and no Award may be granted pursuant to the 2026 Share Incentive Plan after, the tenth anniversary. Any Awards that are outstanding on the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date shall remain in force according to the terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. Amendment, modification and termination The Board may at any time amend, suspend or terminate the 2026 Share Incentive Plan; provided, however, that no such amendment shall be made in contravention of Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules or without the approval of the Company’s shareholders to the extent such approval is required by Applicable Laws, which includes: (i) a refreshment of the Scheme Limit and/or the Consultant Sublimit in accordance with and as required under Rule 17.03C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (ii) an alteration to the terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan which are of a material nature and any alteration to the provisions relating to the matters set out in Rule 17.03 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules to the advantage of participants; and (iii) any change to the authority of the Directors or the Committee to alter the terms of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. Any alteration to the terms of any Award the grant of which was subject to the approval of a particular body (such as the Board or any committee thereof, the independent Directors of the Company, or the shareholders of the Company in general meeting) shall be subject to approval by that same body, provided that this requirement does not apply where the relevant alteration takes effect automatically under the 2026 Share Incentive Plan. No termination, amendment, or modification of the 2026 Share Incentive Plan shall adversely affect in any material way any Award previously granted to a Participant. Any Awards that are outstanding on the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date shall remain in force according to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization In the event of any capitalisation issue, rights issue, or consolidation of shares or reduction of capital of Company, the Committee shall make such proportionate and equitable adjustments, if any, to reflect such change with respect to (a) the aggregate number and type of shares that may be issued under the Plan; (b) the terms and conditions of any outstanding Awards; and (c) the grant or exercise price per share for any outstanding Awards under the Plan. The form and manner of any such adjustments shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. — 31 — APPENDIX II SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE 2026 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the following default rules would apply: (a) any adjustment should give each Participant the same proportion of the equity capital of the Company, rounded to the nearest whole Share, as that to which that Participant was previously entitled prior to such adjustments; (b) for adjustments made pursuant to this provision, other than any made on a capitalisation issue, an independent financial adviser or the auditor of the Company must confirm to the Directors in writing that the adjustments satisfy the relevant requirements under Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (c) no such adjustments shall be made which would result in a Share being issued at less than its nominal value; and (d) if the Company conducts a share or consolidation, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued under the Scheme Limit or the Consultant Sublimit as a percentage of the total number of issued Class A and Class B ordinary shares of the Company at the date immediately before and after such consolidation or subdivision shall be the same, rounded to the nearest whole share. Any adjustments shall be made in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules. — 32 — APPENDIX III PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) Company Limited by Shares FIFTH SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF BAIDU, INC. 百度集團股份有限公司 Adopted by special resolution passed on 27 June 2023 [•] 2026 1. The name of the Company is Baidu, Inc. 百度集團股份有限公司 . 2. The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands or at such other place as the Directors may from time to time decide. 3. The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the Companies Act (As Revised), as amended from time to time, or any other law of the Cayman Islands. 4. The liability of each Member is limited to the amount from time to time unpaid on such Member’s shares. 5. The authorized share capital of the Company is US$43,520 divided into 66,000,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a nominal or par value of US$0.000000625 each, 2,832,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a nominal or par value of US$0.000000625 each and 800,000,000 preferred shares of a nominal or par value of US$0.000000625 each, with the power for the Company, insofar as is permitted by law, to redeem or purchase any of its shares and to increase or reduce the said capital subject to the provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) and the Articles of Association and to issue any part of its capital, whether original, redeemed or increased with or without any preference, priority or special privilege or subject to any postponement of rights or to any conditions or restrictions and so that unless the conditions of issue shall otherwise expressly declare every issue of shares whether declared to be preference or otherwise shall be subject to the powers hereinbefore contained, provided that, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Memorandum of Association, the Company shall have no power to issue bearer shares, warrants, coupons or certificates. 6. If the Company is registered as exempted, its operations will be carried on subject to the provisions of Section 193 of the Companies Act (As Revised) and, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) and the Articles of Association, it shall have the power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. — 33 — APPENDIX III PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 7. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the same meaning as those given in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company adopted by Special Resolution passed on 27 June 2023 [•] 2026 . — 34 — APPENDIX III PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) Company Limited by Shares FIFTH SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF BAIDU, INC. 百度集團股份有限公司 Adopted by special resolution passed on 27 June 2023 [•] 2026 1. In these Articles, Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there be something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith, “Affiliate” means (i) in the case of a natural person, such person’s parents, , spouse, children or grandchildren, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing, (ii) in the case of an entity, a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity. The term “control” shall mean the ownership, directly or indirectly, of shares possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the corporation, or the partnership or other entity (other than, in the case of corporation, share having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency), or having the power to control the management or elect a majority of members to the board of directors or equivalent body of such corporation, partnership or other entity. “Articles” means the Fifth Sixth Amended and Restated Articles of Association adopted by Special Resolution, as from time to time altered or , added to and substituted in accordance with the Statutes and these Articles. “ Auditors Auditor ” means the person or persons for the time being performing the duties of auditors auditor of the Company. “Class A Ordinary Share” means a Class A Ordinary Share in the capital of the Company. “Class B Ordinary Share” means a Class B Ordinary Share in the capital of the Company. — 35 — APPENDIX III PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION “Communication Facilities” means video, , internet or online conferencing applications, telephone or and/or any other , internet or online conferencing application or telecommunications facilities by means of which all Persons participating in a meeting are capable of hearing and being heard by each other and all members’ rights to speak and vote at the meeting are maintained. “Company” means Baidu, Inc. 百度集團股份有限公司 . “Company’s Website” means the website of the Company, the address or domain name of which has been notified to the Members. “Corporate Communication” has the same meaning as in the Listing Rules. “debenture” means debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and any other such securities of the Company whether constituting a charge on the assets of the Company or not. “Directors” and “Board of Directors” means the current directors of the board of the Company. “dividend” includes bonus dividends. “Electronic” has the meaning given to it in the Electronic Transactions Act. “Electronic Record” has the meaning given to it in the Electronic Transactions Act. “Electronic Transactions Act” means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and any amendment thereto or thereof for the time being in force and includes every other law incorporated therewith or substituted therefor. “Listing Rules” means the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as amended from time to time. “Member” has the meaning as ascribed to it in the Statute. “month” means calendar month. “Ordinary Shares” means collectively the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Class B Ordinary Shares. “paid up” means paid up and/or credited as paid up. “Person” me ans any natural person, firm, company, joint venture, partnership, corporation, association or other entity (whether or not having a separate legal personality) or any of them as the context so requires. — 36 — APPENDIX III PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION “Present” means, in respect of any Person, such Person’s presence at a general meeting of members, which may be satisfied by means of such Person or, if a corporation or other Person, its duly authorised representative (or, in the case of any member, a proxy which has been validly appointed by such member in accordance with these Articles), being: (a) physically present at the meeting; or (b) in the case of any meeting at which Communication Facilities are permitted, in accordance with these Articles, including any Virtual Meeting, connected by means of the use of such Communication Facilities. “Recognised Clearing House” has the same meaning as in Part I of Schedule 1 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). “registered office” means the current registered office of the Company in the Cayman Islands. “Seal” means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal. “Secretary” includes an Assistant Secretary and any person appointed to perform the duties of Secretary of the Company. “share” includes a fraction of a share. “Special Resolution” has the same meaning as in the Statute and includes a resolution approved in writing as described therein . and for the purpose of these Articles, the requisite majority shall be vote, being not less than of the votes of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy or, in the case of corporations, by their duly authorized representatives, at a general meeting of the Company of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given. In computing the majority on a poll regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles. “Statute” means the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands (As Revised) and every statutory modification or thereof currently in force. “Virtual Meeting” means any general meeting of members at which the members and any other permitted participants of such meeting (including, without limitation, the chairman of such meeting and any Directors) are permitted to attend and participate solely by means of Communication Facilities. — 37 — APPENDIX III PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION “written” and “in writing” include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form , including in the form of an Electronic Record . 2. In these Articles, save where the context requires otherwise: (a) words importing the singular number shall include the plural number and vice versa; (b) words importing the masculine gender only shall include the feminine gender; (c) words importing persons only shall include companies or associations or bodies of persons, whether corporate or not; (d) “ may ” shall be construed as permissive and “ shall ” shall be construed as imperative; (e) a reference to a dollar or dollars (or $) is a reference to dollars of the United States; (f) references to a statutory enactment shall include reference to any amendment or thereof for the time being in force; (g) the term “clear days” in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and (h) any phrase introduced by the terms “including”, “include”, “in particular” or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms. 3. Subject to the last two preceding Art

[truncated]